<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241021_10-K_edgar_data_6955_0000006955-24-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22025483</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324741</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11919951</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4117561</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3042023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2393787</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000006955-24-000046.hdr.sgml : 20241021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241021150150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000006955-24-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		152
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006955
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISC INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3590]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				390168610
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11288
		FILM NUMBER:		241383159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		N86 W12500 WESTBROOK CROSSING
		CITY:			MENOMONEE FALLS
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53051
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262-293-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		N86 W12500 WESTBROOK CROSSING
		CITY:			MENOMONEE FALLS
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53051

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACTUANT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLIED POWER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLIED POWER INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000006955-24-000046.txt : 20241021

10-K
 1
 epac-20240831.htm
 10-K

epac-20240831 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition period from to to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , WISCONSIN 
 Mailing address: P.O. Box 3241, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Ticker Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition 
 period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): 
 Yes No 
 
 As of February 29, 2024, the last business day of the registrant's second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the shares of Class A common stock (based upon the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on February 29, 2024) held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately billion. 
 
 There were shares of the Registrant s Class A Common Stock outstanding as of October 14, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 14 
 Item 2. Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 19 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 61 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 61 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 61 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors; Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 62 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 62 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 62 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 67 

Enerpac Tool Group Corp. provides free-of-charge access to our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto, through our investor website, ir.enerpactoolgroup.com, as soon as reasonably practical after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CAUTIONARY FACTORS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties. The terms may, should, could, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, objective, plan, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such statements, factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, general economic uncertainty, market conditions in the industrial, oil gas, energy, power generation, infrastructure, commercial construction, truck and automotive industries, supply chain risks, including disruptions in deliveries from suppliers due to political tensions or the imposition, or threat of imposition, of tariffs, which could be affected by the outcome of the upcoming U.S. presidential election, the impact of geopolitical activity, including the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and international sanctions imposed in response thereto, as well as armed conflicts involving the Middle East, including the impact on shipping in the Red Sea, the ability of the Company to achieve its plans or objectives related to its growth strategy, market acceptance of existing and new products, market acceptance of price increases, successful integration of acquisitions, the impact of dispositions and restructurings, the ability of the Company to continue to achieve its objectives related to the ASCEND program, including any assumptions underlying its calculation of expected incremental operating profit or program investment, operating margin risk due to competitive pricing and operating efficiencies, risks related to reliance on independent agents and distributors for the distribution and service of products, material, labor, or overhead cost increases, tax law changes, foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, commodity risk, tariffs, litigation matters, cybersecurity risks, impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, the Company s ability to access capital markets and other factors that may be referred to or noted in the Company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including those described under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this annual report on Form 10-K. We disclaim any obligation, except to the extent required by applicable law, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or any other reason. 
 When used herein, the terms we, us, our, Enerpac, and the Company refer to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and its subsidiaries. Reference to fiscal years, such as fiscal 2024, are to the fiscal year ending on August 31 of the specified year. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Enerpac Tool Group Corp. is a premier industrial tools, services, technology, and solutions provider serving a broad and diverse set of customers and end markets for mission-critical applications in more than 100 countries. Enerpac Tool Group's businesses are global leaders in providing high pressure hydraulic tools, controlled force products and solutions for precise positioning of heavy loads that help customers safely and reliably tackle some of the most challenging jobs around the world. The Company was founded in 1910 and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. During fiscal 2025, the Company is scheduled to relocate our headquarters to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The Company has one reportable segment, the Industrial Tools Services ("IT S") Segment. The IT S segment is primarily engaged in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded hydraulic and mechanical tools and in providing services and tool rental to the refinery/petrochemical; general industrial; industrial maintenance, repair and operations ("MRO"); machining manufacturing; power generation; infrastructure; mining; and other markets. Financial information related to the Company's reportable segment is included in Note 15, "Business Segment, Geographic and Customer Information" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The Company has an Other operating segment, which does not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment. 
 Our businesses provide an array of products and services across multiple markets and geographies, which results in significant diversification. The IT S segment and the Company are well-positioned to drive shareholder value through a sustainable business strategy built on well-established brands, broad global distribution and end markets, clear focus on the core tools and services business, and disciplined capital deployment. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ("SPA") to sell the remaining businesses within our legacy Engineered Components Systems ("EC S") segment. We closed the transaction during our first quarter of fiscal 2020. The divestiture of the EC S segment was a strategic shift to become a pure-play industrial tools and services company. As such, retained liabilities associated with the former EC S segment are considered discontinued operations in all periods presented herein. 
 1 

Our Business Model 
 Our long-term goal is to create sustainable returns for our shareholders through above-market growth in our core business, expanding our margins, generating strong cash flow, and being disciplined in the deployment of our capital. We intend to grow through execution of our organic growth strategy, focused on key vertical markets that benefit from long-term macro trends, driving customer driven innovation, expansion of our digital ecosystem to acquire and engage customers, and an expansion in emerging markets such as Asia Pacific. In addition to organic growth, we also focus on margin expansion through operational efficiency techniques, including lean, continuous improvement and 80/20, to drive productivity and lower costs, as well as optimizing our selling, general and administrative expenses through consolidation and shared service implementation. We also apply these techniques and pricing actions to offset commodity increases and inflationary pricing. Finally, cash flow generation is critical to achieving our financial and long-term strategic objectives. We believe driving profitable growth and margin expansion will result in cash flow generation, which we seek to supplement through minimizing primary working capital. We intend to allocate the cash flow that results from the execution of our strategy in a disciplined way toward investment in our businesses, maintaining our strong balance sheet, disciplined M A and opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. We anticipate the compounding effect of reinvesting in our business will fuel further growth and profitable returns. 
 In March 2022, the Company announced the start of its ASCEND transformation program ASCEND ), initially estimating an incremental 40 to 50 million of annual operating profit once fully implemented. ASCEND s key initiatives include accelerating organic growth strategies, improving operational excellence and production efficiency by utilizing a Lean approach, and driving greater efficiency and productivity in selling, general and administrative expense by better leveraging resources to create a more efficient and agile organization. At the time, the Company anticipated investing 60 to 65 million through the end of fiscal 2024 to complete these actions. 
 In June 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan in connection with the initiatives identified as part of the ASCEND transformation program to drive greater efficiency and productivity in global selling, general and administrative resources. The total costs of this plan were then estimated at 6 to 10 million, constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate (see Note 4, Restructuring Charges in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). These costs were incorporated into the initial investment of 60 to 65 million. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a range of 10 to 15 million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value, and the range did not change at that time. 
 In March 2023, the Company increased the anticipated investment range to 70 to 75 million, inclusive of the 10 to 15 million of the previously announced restructuring, over the life of the program. 
 In October 2023, the Company announced that during fiscal 2023, the Company had realized approximately 54 million of annual operating profit from execution of the ASCEND program and would no longer be breaking out the ASCEND benefit from results going into fiscal 2024. Through fiscal 2023, the Company invested approximately 60 million as part of the program, both through program charges and restructuring. Through fiscal 2024, the Company has invested approximately 75 million as part of the program, consisting of 19 million through restructuring and 56 million in ASCEND transformation program charges. 
 Description of Business Segments 
 Industrial Tools Services Reportable Segment 
 IT S is a global supplier of branded hydraulic and mechanical tools and services to a broad array of end markets, including refinery/petrochemical; general industrial; industrial MRO; machining manufacturing; power generation; infrastructure; mining; and other markets. 
 Our primary products include branded tools, cylinders, pumps, hydraulic torque wrenches, highly engineered heavy lifting technology solutions and other tools. Examples of our products include high-forc e hydraulic and mechanical tools (cylinders, pumps, valves, bolt tensioners, specialty tools and other miscellaneous products), which are designed to allow users to apply controlled force and motion to increase productivity, reduce labor costs and make work safer and easier to perform. These tools operate at very high pressures of approximately 5,000 to 12,000 pounds per square inch. With our products used in a wide variety of end markets, they are often deployed in harsh operating conditions, such as machining, infrastructure maintenance and repair, and refining, and petrochemical production, where safety is a key differentiator. As a result, we hold ourselves to a world-class safety standard to protect both our employees and those using our products and services. 
 On the services side of the segment, our highly trained technicians provide maintenance and manpower services on customer assets to meet their specific needs including bolting, machining, and joint integrity. We also provide rental services for certain of our products. 
 Our branded tools and services are primarily marketed through the ENERPAC , HYDRATIGHT , LARZEP DESIGN and SIMPLEX brand names. 
 2 

The segment delivers products and services primarily through our world-class, global network of distributors, as well as direct sales to OEMs and select end users. Examples of industrial distributors include W.W. Grainger, MSC and Blackwoods. 
 Other Operating Segment 
 Cortland Biomedical is a full-service biomedical textile product development company and represents the Other operating segment. Cortland Biomedical does not meet the quantitative or qualitative thresholds to be considered a reportable segment and, since the business is not closely related to the IT S segment, results are not aggregated to be included in the results of the IT S reportable segment. On July 11, 2023, the Company completed the sale of the Cortland Industrial business see Note 5, "Discontinued Operations and Other Divestiture Activities" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). C ertain information related to the Other operating segment is disclosed within Note 15, "Business Segment, Geographic, and Customer Information" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in order to comply with requirements under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("US GAAP") to reconcile certain required disclosures to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 For a summary of recent divestiture transactions impacting continuing operations, see Note 5, "Discontinued Operations and Other Divestiture Activities" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 International Business 
 Our products and services are generally available globally, with our principal markets outside the United States being Europe, the Middle East and Asia. In fiscal 2024, we derived 38 of our net sales from the United States, 29 from Europe, 15 from the Middle East, 10 from Asia and 8 from other geographic areas. We have operations around the world that allow us to draw on the skills of a global workforce, provide flexibility to our operations, drive economies of scale, provide revenue streams that may help offset economic trends that are specific to individual countries, and facilitate access to new markets. Although international operations are subject to certain risks, we continue to believe that a global presence is key to maintaining strong relationships with many of our global customers and suppliers. Financial information related to the Company's geographic footprint of our continuing operations is included in Note 15, "Business Segment, Geographic and Customer Information" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Product Development and Engineering 
 We conduct research and development a ctivities to develop new products and to enhance the functionality, effectiveness, ease of use and reliability of our existing products. We believe that our engineering and research and development efforts have been, and continue to be, key drivers of our success in the marketplace. Our advanced design and engineering capabilities contribute to the development of innovative and highly engineered products, maintain our technological leadership and enhance our ability to provide c ustomers with unique and customized solutions and products. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant expenditures for research and development as we seek to provide new innovative tools and services to grow our market share. Research and development ("R D") costs are expensed as incurred. R D costs were 12 million in fiscal 2024, 9 million in fiscal 2023 and 7 million in fiscal 2022. 
 The Company holds numerous patents and trademarks. While no individual patent is believed to be of such importance that its termination would have a material adverse effect on our business, the termination of certain of our trademarks, including ENERPAC , SIMPLEX , HYDRATIGHT and LARZEP DESIGN , could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Competition 
 The markets for our products are highly competitive. We provide a diverse and broad range of industrial products and services to numerous global end markets, many of which are highly fragmented. Although we face larger competitors in several served markets, some of our competition is comprised of smaller companies which may lack the footprint or financial resources to serve global customers. We compete for business principally on the basis of customer service, product quality and availability, and engineering and research and development expertise. In addition, we believe that our cost structure, strategic global sourcing capabilities and global distribution support our competitive position. 
 3 

Manufacturing and Operations 
 While we do have manufacturing capabilities including machining and fabrication, our manufacturing consists primarily of light assembly of components we source from a net work of global suppliers. We have implemented single piece flow processes in most of our plants which reduces inventory levels, lowers re-work costs and shortens lead times to customers. Components are built to our highly engineered specifications by a variety of suppliers in best-cost locations including various countries in Asia. We have built strong relationships with our key suppliers and, while we single source certain of our components, in many cases there are several qualified alternative sources. 
 Raw Material Costs, Inflation and Tariffs 
 We source materials and components from a network of global suppliers. These items are typically available from multiple suppliers. Raw materials that go into the components we source, such as steel, aluminum, plastic resin, brass, steel wire and rubber, are subject to price fluctuations and tariffs, which could have an impact on our results. We have been able to offset the impact of inflation with pricing actions, manufacturing efficiencies and other cost reductions. In addition, several of our products have been subject to tariffs, but to date we have been able to offset the majority of additional costs from tariffs through price increases. We continue to manage our supply chain to mitigate ongoing risks associated with the evolving geopolitical and inflationary environments. 
 Order Backlogs and Seasonality 
 Our operating segments have a relat iv ely short order-to-ship cycle. We had order backlogs of 41 million and 54 million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in our order backlog during the fiscal year was primarily due to continued effort to decrease inventory levels globally. Assuming no significant supply chain constraints arise after the date of this report, substantially all of the backlog at August 31, 2024 is expected to be filled within twelve months. 
 While we typically experience a stronger second half to our fiscal year, our consolidated sales are not subject to significant seasonal fluctuations. 
 Percentages of Sales by Fiscal Quarter 
 2024 2023 Quarter 1 (September - November) 24 23 Quarter 2 (December - February) 23 24 Quarter 3 (March - May) 26 26 Quarter 4 (June - August) 27 27 100 100 
 Human Capital Management 
 The goal of our human capital management strategy and practices is for Enerpac to be considered an employer of choice, and our initiatives and programs are predicated on making this objective a reality. 
 The talent that makes up our workforce (approximately 2,000 employees as of August 31, 2024) is critical to the success of our company and the ability to deliver shareholder value. Our talent development framework is built around a robust performance management and development structure. Together with their leaders, employees establish annual goals and objectives that align directly with our organizational commitments. We monitor progress throughout the year, with candid and frequent dialogue encouraged along the way, and, new for fiscal 2024, a formal check-in process at the mid-year point to facilitate a clear understanding of goals and the status of progress toward achieving those goals. Bi-annually, our Executive Leadership Team ("ELT") reviews the skills we require to execute our corporate strategy and key role requirements to identify development opportunities for our emerging talent. Annually, we conduct performance review and succession planning, and we promote a long-term career development view by encouraging the creation of unique individual development plans. Training opportunities for all levels of the organization are available and focus on skill, competency and leadership development. We believe in coaching and the sharing of perspectives, and we facilitate mentorship opportunities for the benefit of our workforce. We are committed to devoting the time, resources and planning necessary to maximize the potential of our employees' career development, as well as address the future skill needs of our organization. 
 We offer competitive compensation and benefits tailored to the geographical markets and industries in which we operate. In the U.S., employees who work more than 30 hours per week are eligible for a comprehensive menu of benefits, including healthcare (health, dental, and vision) coverage, health savings accounts with 500/ 1,000 employer funding, dependent care and healthcare flexible spending accounts, company-paid short-term disability, long-term disability, company-paid base life and accidental disability insurance, voluntary life coverage up to 6x annual salary, spousal and dependent life coverage. Employees are offered thirteen paid holidays, and three weeks of paid time off, military leave, a 401(k) retirement plan with a Company match and immediate vesting, access to our employee assistance program, an annual bonus program with broad participation, 
 4 

equity incentive programs, an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) that allows employees to buy company shares at a 15 discount (up from 10 in the last fiscal year), and flexible work arrangements. Both part time and full-time employees are eligible for adoption assistance and up to 12 weeks of parental leave, of which six weeks are paid for full time employees at an employee's full salary. We offer tuition reimbursement up to 5,250 for associate and undergraduate programs and 7,500 for graduate programs, while also offering the same level of reimbursement to part time workers as full-time workers. We also offer a dependent scholarship of up to 2,500 for both part-time and full-time employees. We continue to evaluate enhancements to our compensation and benefit programs in all locations to ensure we remain competitive and meet the needs of our employees. 
 Diversity, Inclusion Belonging. Diversity, Inclusion Belonging ("DI B") remains a focus area as we strive to foster an inclusive culture of belonging. In addition, our Board reflects a diverse set of Directors, including three female (30 and one racially diverse (10 individual. We believe a continued focus on DI B aligns with our values and provides a competitive advantage, enabling us to attract exceptional talent, leverage diverse perspectives, and ultimately drive value creation for our shareholders. 
 Employee Safety . The safety, health, and well-being of our employees, contractors, and visitors at our sites globally is our top priority and a principle that is deeply embedded in our culture. Our leaders and employees at all levels embrace our health, safety, security, environment, and quality HSSEQ programs, which translates into an enterprise-wide obligation to provide healthy, safe and productive work environments for our employees and deliver high standards of safety and quality in the products, services and solutions for our customers and end-users. At the heart of our HSSEQ efforts is a desire to foster a culture of continuous improvement and employee empowerment through training, frequent and constructive management engagement, a risk-based evaluation of business activities and behaviors, and the deployment of programs and resources to mitigate those risks. We continually track and report our performance, including thorough reviews of incidents, near-misses, and quality issues; and management accountability and discussion of these improvement opportunities is a cornerstone of all business reviews. We finished the year with a total case incident rate (TCIR) of 0.50. This is a decrease year-over-year as fiscal 2023 had a TCIR of 0.64. This puts our performance in the top quartile in comparison to the BLS NAICS bracket for Machinery Manufacturing (333) for companies with greater than 1,000 employees. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The names, ages and positions of all of the executive officers of the Company as o f October 15, 2024 are listed below. 
 Name Age Position Paul E. Sternlieb 52 President and Chief Executive Officer P. Shannon Burns 54 Interim Principal Financial Officer and Head of Financial Planning, Operations and Decision Support Eric T. Chack 46 Executive Vice President - Operations James P. Denis 50 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Company Secretary Chief Compliance Counsel Benjamin J. Topercer 47 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer 
 Paul Sternlieb, President and Chief Executive Officer, was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in October 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sternlieb served as Executive Vice President ("EVP") and President, Protein, at John Bean Technologies Corporation ("JBT") since October 2017. Prior to JBT, Mr. Sternlieb was Group President, Global Cooking in the Food Equipment Group at Illinois Tool Works since 2014. He served as a Vice President General Manager with Danaher from 2011 to 2014. Before Danaher, he held management roles with the H.J. Heinz Company, a leading food production company, and was a consultant with McKinsey Company. 
 P. Shannon Burns, Interim Principal Financial Officer and Head of Financial Planning, Operations and Decision Support, was appointed as the Company s Interim Principal Financial Officer by the Board of Directors effective March 1, 2024. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Burns served as Head of Financial Planning, Operations, and Decision Support since joining the Company in November 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Burns was with Harley-Davidson Motor Company, holding various positions in Finance and Investor Relations from August 2011 through November 2022. From June 2007 to August 2011, Mr. Burns was with MillerCoors Brewing Company, serving as a Manager, following ten years with Ernst Young and seven years with American Express Financial Advisors. 
 Eric T. Chack, Executive Vice President - Operations, joined the Company in July 2024 and leads all aspects of Enerpac s global operations, including oversight for manufacturing, procurement, logistics, continuous improvement, quality, and reliability. Prior to joining Enerpac, Mr. Chack was SVP Supply Chain for Mohawk Industries. Before his time at Mohawk, Mr. Chack was SVP Global Operations Supply Chain for Briggs Stratton and held global operations leadership roles at SPX Corporation and IDEX Corporation. He has extensive experience building, developing, and optimizing the performance of world-class operations teams. In addition, he served as an Infantry Officer in the Marine Corps. 
 5 

James Denis, EVP, General Counsel, Company Secretary Chief Compliance Counsel, has served in this capacity since September 2022. He joined the Company in 2013 as our Global Litigation Counsel and was promoted to Regional General Counsel for the Americas and APAC in October 2018 and Assistant General Counsel in March 2020. In December 2021, he was appointed Acting General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Before joining the Company, Mr. Denis was a shareholder with the law firm of Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c., where he was a member of the firm s Products Liability and Insurance Risk Management Teams. 
 Benjamin Topercer, EVP and Chief Human Resource Officer, joined the Company in February 2022 and leads the global human resources function, including our global HSSEQ organization, as well as our DEIB initiatives and communications function. From June 2016 until he joined Enerpac, Mr. Topercer was the Chief Human Resource Officer for Vantage Specialty Chemicals, a manufacturer of specialty chemicals and ingredients included in consumer and industrial products. Prior to joining Vantage, he served in various human resources management roles for Premier Farnell Corporation, a distributor of electronic components, including as Global Head of HR for its sales, marketing, e-commerce and technology groups and specified business units, from September 2013 to June 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Topercer served as Director, Human Resources for Eaton Corporation, and its predecessor, Cooper Industries, from July 2011 to September 2013. Prior to that, he served in positions of progressive responsibility in the human resources group of Henkel Corporation from September 2004 to July 2011 and at Rexam Sussex from March 2000 to September 2004. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing the Company. If any of the events contemplated by the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, including our ability to execute our strategic growth and profitability objectives. 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions 
 Supply chain issues, including shortages of adequate component supply or that increase our costs or cause delays in our ability to fulfill orders, or a failure by us to estimate customer demand properly, could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results and our relationships with customers. 
 We rely on our supply chain for components and raw materials to manufacture our products and provide services to our customers, and this reliance could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. We may experience a reduction or interruption in supply due to factors beyond our control, including as a result of geopolitical conflicts and the imposition of international sanctions in response thereto, a significant natural disaster, pandemics, or shortages in global freight capacity. Our vendors may be unable or unwilling to meet our demand for raw materials or components, or significantly increase lead times for deliveries, which may be unable to offset through alternate sources of supply, Further, vendors may impose significant increases in the price of critical components and raw materials that we may be unable to pass along to our customers. In addition, a failure by us to appropriately forecast or adjust our requirements for components or raw materials based on our business needs and volatility in demand for our products may impact our ability to timely procure raw materials and components necessary to maintain desired productivity in our operations. These supply chain issues could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. 
 We procure certain components for our products from single or limited suppliers. In the event of supply disruptions from these suppliers, we may not be able to diversify our supply base for such components in a timely manner or may experience quality issues with alternate sources. Further, we procure a significant portion of our components from suppliers located in China, and we are therefore exposed to potential disruptions in deliveries from these suppliers due to political tensions with China, geopolitical risks, government-mandated facility closures in China, energy shortages or other causes. Our growth and ability to meet customer demand depend in large part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of components and raw materials from our suppliers, and significant disruptions in their supply could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. 
 We have in the recent past experienced supply shortages and inflationary pressures for certain components and raw materials that were important to our manufacturing proc ess due to a number of the factors described above. Growth in the global economy may exacerbate these pressures on us and our suppliers, and we expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts may continue to impact us in the future. Although we have generally secured additional supply from existing or alternate suppliers or taken other mitigating actions when such disruptions have occurred in past periods, there is no guarantee we can continue to do so in the future, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. When facing component supply-related challenges, we may also increase our inventories and purchase commitments to shorten lead times and increase the likelihood of maintaining adequate inventories to meet customer expectations. If the demand for our products is less than our expectations or if we otherwise fail to anticipate customer demand properly, an 
 6 

oversupply of components could result in inventory levels that could also lead to significant excess and obsolete inventory charges and adversely affect our operating and financial results. 
 Deterioration of, or instability in, the domestic and international economy and challenging end-market conditions could impact our ability to grow the business and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and our ability to execute our strategy. 
 Our businesses and operating results have been, and will continue to be, affected by domestic and international economic conditions. The level of demand for our products is affected by general economic and business conditions in our served end markets. A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from customers in cyclical industries (such as the industrial and oil gas sectors) that typically are adversely affected in periods of economic contraction or volatility. In such periods, our customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, which may reduce or delay our sales. We have experienced contraction and challenging demand conditions in many of our served markets historically, and it is reasonably possible that we could experience such conditions in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and our ability to execute our strategy. 
 Disruptions in global oil markets have adversely affected our business and results of operations and similar events in the future may adversely affect our business and results. 
 A portion of our revenues is derived from customers in the midstream and downstream oil gas industry. Disruptions in the global oil gas markets (such as those due to the Ukraine/Russia conflict and the resulting international sanctions and the armed conflicts in the Middle East) and other changes in demand for oil can negatively affect oil prices and negatively affect cash flows for many of those customers. This has resulted in, and in the future could result in, lower capital expenditures and project modifications, delays or cancellations by those customers, reducing the demand for certain of our products serving that end market, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Uncertainty over global tariffs, or the financial impact of tariffs, may negatively affect our results. 
 Changes in U.S. domestic and global tariff frameworks have increased our costs of producing goods and resulted in additional risks to our supply chain. We have developed and implemented strategies to mitigate previously implemented and, in some cases, proposed tariff increases, but there is no assurance we will be able to continue to mitigate prolonged tariffs. The outcome of the 2024 U.S. presidential elections may have a significant impact on U.S. domestic and global tariffs. Uncertainties about future tariff changes could result in mitigation actions that prove to be ineffective or detrimental to our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Logistics challenges, including global freight capacity shortages, could increase our freight costs or cause delays in our ability to fulfill orders and could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. 
 The Company s ability to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by shortages of freight capacity, delays at ports, port strikes, and other issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers. For example, the armed conflicts in the Middle East and the associated attacks on commercial ships in the Red Sea has caused global increases in shipping costs, as well as significant delays for some shipments. Globally, the shipping industry faces other challenges, including labor disputes at major ports and railways and weather-related disruptions, such as droughts in Panama reducing capacity in the Panama Canal. These issues could delay importation of products or require the Company to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher freight and logistics costs, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s business and financial condition. 
 We face collection risk for receivables in foreign jurisdictions. 
 We sell products and services through distributors and agents. In certain jurisdictions, those third parties represent a significant portion of our sales in their respective country. Collection times for receivables in many foreign jurisdictions may often be substantially longer than those in the United States (though typically less than one year). Further, for certain of our services business agency relationships, we utilize intermediary agents and are dependent on our agents to collect payment on our behalf. The indirect sales channels expose us to the credit risk of both our channel partners and end customers and increase the risk of delayed payments or uncollectible balances. For example, during the year ended August 31, 2022, we recognized a 13.2 million bad debt reserve as a result of the continued payment delinquency of one of our agents. A liquidity event or dispute involving one of our channel partners may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition . 
 If we fail to retain the agents and distributors upon whom we rely to market our products and services, we may be unable to effectively market our products and services and our revenue and profitability may decline. 
 The marketing success of many of our businesses in the U.S. and abroad depends largely upon our independent agents and distributors sales and service expertise and relationships with customers in our end markets. Many of these agents have 
 7 

developed strong ties to existing and potential customers because of their detailed knowledge of our products. A loss of a significant number of these agents or distributors, or of a particular agent or distributor in a key market or with key customer relationships, could significantly inhibit our ability to effectively market our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, operations, products, solutions, services and data. 
 Increased global cybersecurity threats, computer viruses and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks, as well as cybersecurity failures re sulting from human error, vulnerabilities and technological errors, including the errors of third-party software providers, pose a risk to our systems, including third-party vendor operated systems, operations and products and potentially those of our business partners. An attack also could result in losses due to an inability to recover lost data, software and key documentation, ransomware payments, security breaches, theft, lost or corrupted data, misappropriation of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, loss of trade secrets and commercially valuable information, reputational harm, including loss of confidence by our customers, suppliers and employees in our ability to adequately protect their information, fines, production downtimes and operational disruptions. The development and adoption of generative artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies exacerbates these risks and may give rise to new tools for threat actors to attack and disrupt our systems. We attempt to mitigate these risks by employing measures including employee training, network monitoring and testing, maintenance of protective systems, contingency planning, and the engagement of third-party experts, but we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. We anticipate that meaningful investments in our operating technology infrastructure will be necessary as we continue to evaluate our vulnerabilities and take actions to safeguard our systems. Further, while we currently maintain insurance coverage tha t, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address costs associated with certain aspects of cybersecurity incidents and information systems failures, this insurance coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses or all types of claims that arise from an incident, or the damage to our reputation that may result from an incident. There is no assurance the financial or operational impact fr om such threats or events will not be material. 
 We may not be able to maintain operational improvements from our ASCEND transformation program and from restructuring actions. 
 In March 2022, we announced the launch of ASCEND, a transformation program focused on driving accelerated earnings growth and efficiency across the business with the goal of delivering improved annual operating profit once fully implemented. The ASCEND program focused on the following key initiatives: (i) accelerating organic growth strategies, (ii) improving operational excellence and production efficiency by utilizing a lean approach and (iii) driving greater efficiency and productivity in selling, general and administrative expenses. In addition, we implemented other plans that incurred restructuring costs to (i) eliminate redundancies in our corporate or regional structures, (ii) eliminate excess capacity in our facilities as a result of integration of acquisitions or divestitures of product lines, or (iii) eliminate product or service lines that did not meet targeted profitability metrics. Although we expect that the improved operating profit, cost savings and realization of efficiencies will continue to provide annual benefit, we may not fully maintain these improvements (see Note 3. "ASCEND Transformation Program" and Note 4 , " Restructuring Charges," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "Business Update" within Item 7 for further discussion of the ASCEND program and other current restructuring activities). 
 A material disruption at a significant manufacturing facility could adversely affect our ability to generate sales and result in increased costs that we cannot recover. 
 Our financial performance could be adversely affected due to our inability to meet customer demand for our products or services in the event of a material disruption at one of our significant manufacturing or services facilities. Equipment failures, natural disasters, health issues (including pandemics like COVID-19), power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labor disputes or other events could create a material disruption. Interruptions to production could increase our cost of sales, harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability to attract or retain our customers. Our business continuity plans may not be sufficient to address disruptions attributable to such risks. Any interruption in production capability could require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business operates in highly competitive markets, so we may be forced to cut prices or incur additional costs. 
 Our business generally faces substantial competition, domestically and internationally, in our end markets. We may lose market share in certain businesses or be forced to reduce prices or incur increased costs to maintain existing business. We compete globally on the basis of product design, quality, availability, performance and customer service. Present or future competitors in our markets may have new technologies or more attractive products and services or greater financial, technical or other resources which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, some of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins to compete with us. 
 8 

Our international operations pose political, currency and other risks. 
 We expect sales from and into foreign markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our revenue. In addition, many of our manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the United States, including China, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Our sales and operating activities outside of the U.S. are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks, including: 
 unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 adverse changes in foreign tax, legal and regulatory requirements; 
 export and import restrictions and controls on repatriation of cash; 
 political and economic instability; 
 difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 
 government embargoes, tariffs and trade protection measures, such as anti-dumping duties applicable to classes of products, and import or export licensing requirements, as well as the imposition of trade sanctions against a class of products imported from or sold and exported to, or the loss of normal trade relations status with, countries in which we conduct business, that could significantly increase our cost of products or otherwise reduce our sales and harm our business; 
 cultural norms and expectations that may sometimes be inconsistent with our Code of Conduct and our requirements about the manner in which our employees, agents and distributors conduct business; 
 differing labor regulations; and 
 acts of hostility, terror or war. 
 Our operations outside the United States require us to comply with a number of United States and international regulations. For example, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), which prohibits United States companies or their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity, or obtain any unfair advantage. Our activities in countries outside the United States create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees or agents that could be in violation of the FCPA, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. We have internal control policies and procedures and have implemented training and compliance programs with respect to the FCPA. However, we cannot assure that our policies, procedures and programs always will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or agents have or may have violated applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, we may be required to investigate or have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. In addition, we are subject to and must comply with all applicable export controls and economic sanctions laws and embargoes imposed by the United States and other various governments. Changes in export control or trade sanctions laws may restrict our business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned entities, and may result in modifications to compliance programs and increase compliance costs, and violations of these laws or regulations may subject us to fines, penalties and other sanctions, such as loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business or debarments from export privileges. Violations of the FCPA or export controls or sanctions laws and regulations may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We intend to continue to pursue international growth opportunities, which could increase our exposure to risks associated with international sales and operations. As we expand our international operations, we may also encounter new risks that could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Failure to properly manage these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, United States tax reform has significantly changed how foreign operations are taxed in the United States. Therefore, we continue to review our organizational structure, and changes to where income is generated, which changes may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations. 
 Our customers and other business partners often require terms and conditions that expose us to significant risks and liabilities. 
 We operate in end markets and industries in which our customers and business partners seek to contractually shift significant risks associated with their operations or projects to us. We structure our commercial and contracting practices to assess and manage the risks we are assuming, but we cannot assure that material liabilities will not arise from our contracts with our business partners. Also, our contracting standards may be more stringent than those of certain competitors, and as a result, we may experience market share losses or the reduction in growth opportunities. 
 9 

Imposition of climate-related laws and regulations that disadvantage the oil gas industry compared to other industries or consumer behavior that reduces demand for petroleum products may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our revenues are derived from the sale of products and services to end users in the oil gas industry. Accordingly, our results of operations may be adversely affected by the imposition of climate-related laws and regulations that disadvantage the oil gas industry compared to other industries and have the effect of reducing the production of petroleum products. In addition, a reduction in the production of petroleum products as a result of consumer behavior that embraces alternative sources of energy over oil gas could similarly adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the demand for our products and services. 
 Risks Related to the Execution of Our Strategy 
 If we fail to develop new products, or customers do not accept our new products, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to develop innovative new products can affect our competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products, or failure to gain market acceptance of new products and technologies, may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. If we fail to make innovations, launch products with quality problems, experience development cost overruns, or the market does not accept our new products, then our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 Our growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions, which we may not be able to consummate. 
 We plan to make acquisitions to grow our business, enhance our global market position and broaden our industrial tools product offerings. Our ability to successfully execute acquisitions will be impacted by factors including the availability of financing on terms acceptable to us, the potential reduction of our ability or willingness to incur debt to fund acquisitions, the reluctance of target companies to sell in current markets, our ability to identify acquisition candidates that meet our valuation parameters and increased competition for acquisitions. Failure to effectively execute our acquisition strategy could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
 We may not be able to realize planned benefits from acquired companies. 
 We may not be able to realize planned benefits from acquired companies. Achieving those benefits depends on the timely, efficient and successful execution of a number of post-acquisition events, including integrating the acquired business into the Company. Factors that could affect our ability to achieve these benefits include: 
 difficulties in integrating and managing personnel, financial reporting and other systems used by the acquired businesses; 
 the failure of acquired businesses to perform in accordance with our expectations; 
 failure to achieve anticipated synergies between our business units and the business units of acquired businesses; 
 the loss of customers of acquired businesses; 
 the loss of key managers and employees of acquired businesses; or 
 other material adverse events in the acquired businesses. 
 The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations also may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Although we expect to successfully integrate any acquired businesses, we may not achieve the desired net benefit in the timeframe planned. If acquired businesses do not operate as we anticipate, it could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements may result in unexpected liabilities. 
 Certain acquisition agreements from past acquisitions require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of each of their companies. In most of these agreements, the liability of the former owners is limited to specific warranties given in the agreement as well as in amount and duration. Certain former owners also may not be able to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We may be subject to the same risk with respect to future acquisitions as well. As a result of those limitations, we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our profitability and financial position. 
 10 

Divestitures and discontinued operations could negatively impact our business, and retained liabilities from businesses that we have sold could adversely affect our financial results. 
 In connection with the execution of our strategy to become a pure-play industrial tools and services company, we have completed several divestitures, including the divestiture of our former EC S segment. These divestitures pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, including retained liabilities related to divested businesses, obligations to indemnify buyers against contingent liabilities and potential disputes with buyers. 
 If we do not realize the expected benefits of these divestitures or our post-completion liabilities and continuing obligations are substantial and exceed our expectations, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Any divestiture may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the dilutive impact from the loss of revenue and profits associated with the divestiture, as well as significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial amount of our total assets. 
 Our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. As of August 31, 2024, goodwill and other intangible assets totaled 306 million, or 39 of our total assets. The goodwill results from acquisitions, representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and other identifiable intangible assets we have acquired. We assess annually, and more frequently if a triggering event occurs, whether there has been impairment in the value of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets. If future operating performance at one or more of our reporting units were to fall below current levels, we could be required to recognize a non-cash charge to operating earnings to impair the related goodwill or other intangible assets. See Note 6, "Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "Critical Accounting Estimates" for further discussion on goodwill, intangible asset and long-lived asset impairments. Any future goodwill or intangible asset impairments could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to many laws and regulations that may change in ways that are detrimental to our competitiveness or results. 
 Our businesses are subject to regulation under a broad range of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. Some of those laws and regulations may change in ways that will require us to modify our business practices and objectives in ways that adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations, including by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting our operations to escalating costs or prohibiting us from operating in certain jurisdictions. Examples of laws or regulations that may have an adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and growth strategies include tax law, export and import controls, anti-corruption law, competition law, data privacy regulations, currency controls and economic or political sanctions. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, for example, the proposed regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to climate-related disclosures, may significantly increase our costs, adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 Legal compliance risks could result in significant costs to our business or cause us to restrict current activities or curtail growth plans. 
 We directly or indirectly operate in industries, markets and jurisdictions in which we are exposed to compliance risks and that are subject to significant scrutiny by regulators, governmental authorities and other persons. We structure and strengthen our risk management and compliance programs to mitigate such risks and foster compliance with all applicable laws, but our practices may not be sufficient to eliminate these risks. The global and diverse nature of our operations, the complex and high-risk nature of some of our markets, our reliance on third-party agents and representatives to support sales and other business activities, and increasingly stringent laws and enforcement activities could result in violations of law, enforcement actions or private litigation resulting in significant defense and investigation costs, fines and penalties, and a broad range of remedial actions, including potential restrictions on our operations and other adverse changes to our business plans. See Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about compliance risks. 
 11 

Health, safety and environmental laws and regulations may result in additional costs. 
 We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing public and worker health and safety. Violations of these laws could result in significant harm and financial liabilities that could adversely affect our operating results and reputation. Pursuant to such laws, governmental authorities have required us to contribute to the cost of investigating or remediating certain matters at current or previously owned and operated sites. In addition, we have provided environmental indemnities for previously owned operations in connection with the sale of certain businesses and product lines. Liability as an owner or operator, or as an arranger for the treatment or disposal of hazardous substances, can be joint and several and can be imposed without regard to fault. There is a risk that costs relating to these matters could be greater than what we currently expect or exceed our insurance coverage, or that additional remediation and compliance obligations could arise which require us to make material expenditures. More stringent environmental laws, unanticipated remediation requirements or the discovery of previously unknown conditions could materially harm our financial condition and operating results. We are also required to comply with environmental laws and regulations to maintain operating permits and licenses, some of which are subject to discretionary renewal from time to time, for many of our businesses, and our business operations could be restricted if we are unable to renew existing permits or to obtain any additional permits that we may require. 
 Unfavorable tax law changes may adversely affect result s. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in tax law (including a potential increase in the U.S. federal income tax rate or increased tariffs on goods imported into the U.S.), the mix of earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, or changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets. 
 Costs and liabilities arising from legal proceedings could be material and adversely impact our financial results. 
 We are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings, including litigation asserting product liability and warranty claims. Because our products are used in critical applications in demanding environments, including in the oil gas industry, product and service failures can have significant consequences and could result in significant product liability, warranty and other claims against us, regardless of whether our products and services caused the incident that is the subject of the claim, and we may have obligations to participate in the recall of products in which our products are components, if any of the components or services we supply prove to be defective. We maintain insurance and have established reserves for these matters as appropriate and in accordance with applicable accounting standards and practices. Insurance coverage, to the extent it is available, may not cover all losses arising from such contingencies. Also, estimating legal reserves or possible losses involves significant judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes inherent in litigation and investigations, and the actual losses arising from particular matters may exceed our current estimates and adversely affect our results of operations. We also expect that additional legal proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time, and we cannot predict the occurrence, magnitude and outcome of such additional matters. Moreover, we operate in jurisdictions where claims involving us may be adjudicated within legal systems that are less developed and less reliable than those of the U.S. or other more developed markets, and this can create additional uncertainty about the outcome of proceedings before courts or other governmental bodies in such markets. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 Our indebtedness could harm our operating flexibility and competitive position. 
 We have incurred, and may in the future incur, significant indebtedness in connection with acquisitions or other strategic growth initiatives. While at current debt levels we have significant flexibility on our financial debt covenants, should we incur additional indebtedness to fund acquisitions or other strategic growth initiatives, our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could adversely affect our operating flexibility and put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 Our ability to make scheduled principal and interest payments, refinance our indebtedness and satisfy our other debt and lease obligations will depend upon our future operating performance and credit market conditions, which could be adversely affected by factors beyond our control. In addition, there can be no assurance that future borrowings or equity financings will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, for the payment or refinancing of our indebtedness. If we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 The financial and other covenants in our debt agreements may adversely affect us. 
 Our senior credit facility contains financial and other restrictive covenants. These covenants could limit our financial and operating flexibility as well as our ability to plan for and react to market conditions, meet our capital needs and support our strategic priorities and initiatives should we take on additional indebtedness for acquisition or other strategic objectives. Our failure to comply with these covenants also could result in events of default which, if not cured or waived, could require us to repay indebtedness before its due date, and we may not have the financial resources or otherwise be able to arrange alternative 
 12 

financing to do so. Our compliance with the covenants of our senior credit facility may be adversely affected by severe market contractions or disruptions to the extent they reduce our earnings for a prolonged period and we are not able to reduce our debt levels or cost structure accordingly. Borrowings under our senior credit facility are secured by most domestic personal property assets and are guaranteed by most of our domestic subsidiaries and by a pledge of the stock of most of our domestic and certain foreign subsidiaries. If borrowings under our senior credit facility were declared or became due and payable immediately as the result of an event of default and we were unable to repay or refinance those borrowings, our lenders could foreclose on the pledged assets and stock. Any event that requires us to repay any of our debt before it is due could require us to borrow additional amounts at unfavorable borrowing terms, cause a significant reduction in our liquidity and impair our ability to pay amounts due on our indebtedness. Moreover, if we are required to repay any of our debt before it becomes due, we may be unable to borrow additional amounts or otherwise obtain the cash necessary to repay that debt, when due, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We may incur increased interest expense as a result of our variable rate debt. 
 Borrowings under our revolving line of credit and our 200 million term loan incur interest which is variable based on fluctuations in the referenced Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). Increases in the referenced SOFR will increase our borrowing costs and negatively impact financial results and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile. 
 A relatively small number of shares of our common stock are normally traded in any one day and higher volumes could have a significant effect on the market price of our common stock. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this section and elsewhere in this report or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements by our customers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political instability. 
 Because our quarterly revenues and operating results may vary significantly in future periods, our stock price may fluctuate. 
 Our revenue and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. A high proportion of our costs are fixed, due in part to significant selling and manufacturing costs. Small declines in revenues could disproportionately affect operating results in a quarter and the price of our common stock may fall. Other factors that could significantly affect quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to: 
 demand for our products and services; 
 the timing of sales of our products and services; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 changes in applicable tax rates; 
 an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets; 
 the occurrence of restructuring charges; 
 unanticipated delays or problems in introducing new products; 
 announcements by competitors of new products, services or technological innovations; 
 changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors; 
 increased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, raw materials or supplies, labor matters, product development or administration; 
 major changes in the level of economic activity in major regions of the world in which we do business; 
 costs related to possible future acquisitions or divestitures of technologies or businesses; 
 an increase in the number or magnitude of product liability or environmental claims; and 
 our ability to expand our operations and the amount and timing of expenditures related to expansion of our operations, particularly outside the U.S. 
 Various provisions and laws could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 The anti-takeover provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and provisions of Wisconsin corporation law could delay or prevent a change of control or may impede the ability of the holders of our common stock to change our management. In particular, our articles of incorporation and bylaws, among other things: 
 require a supermajority shareholder vote to approve a merger of the Company with another entity; 
 regulate how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholders meetings; and 
 13 

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series, without shareholder approval. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Geopolitical unrest and terrorist activities may cause the economic conditions in the U.S. or abroad to deteriorate, which could harm our business. 
 Terrorist attacks against targets in the U.S. or abroad, rumors or threats of war, other geopolitical activity or trade disruptions, such as those caused by the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the armed conflicts in the Middle East, or any conflict or threatened conflict between China and Taiwan, may cause general economic conditions in the U.S. or abroad to deteriorate. The occurrence of any of these events could result in a prolonged economic slowdown or recession in the U.S. or in other areas and could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our inability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
 Our ability to deliver financial results and drive growth and pursue competitive advantages in our business substantially depends on our ability to retain key employees and continually attract new talent to the business. If we experience losses of key employees, such as our executives, or experience significant delays or difficulty in replacing them, our operations, competitive position and financial results may be adversely affected. Competition for highly qualified personnel is intense, and our competitors and other employers may attempt to hire our skilled and key employees. Additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with technical and manufacturing industry experience to operate our businesses successfully. From time to time there may be shortages of skilled labor which may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain qualified employees or lead to increased labor costs. 
 Our intellectual property portfolio may not prevent competitors from developing products and services similar to or duplicative to ours, and the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted by external dependencies. 
 Our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing or selling products and services functionally equivalent or superior to our own or adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of our innovations and technology. In addition, further steps we take to protect our intellectual property, including non-disclosure agreements, may not prevent the misappropriation of our business critical secrets and information. In such circumstances, our competitive position and the value of our brand may be negatively impacted. 
 Our competitors or other persons could assert that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. 
 We may be the target of enforcement of patents or other intellectual property rights by third parties. We have implemented legal reviews and other controls in our new product development and marketing processes system to mitigate the risk of infringing third-party rights, but those controls may not prove adequate or deter all claims. Responding to infringement claims, regardless of their merits, can be expensive and time consuming. If we are found to infringe any third-party rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages or we could be enjoined from offering some of our current products and services. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 We depend on integrated information systems to conduct our business. In order to defend against cybersecurity threats, we have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. The frameworks used to design and assess our program include the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and Sarbanes Oxley. This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use these frameworks as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program and shares common methodologies, reporting channels, and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes: 
 risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems and information; 
 a security team principally responsible for managing (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents; 
 the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; 
 14 

cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, including our incident response personnel; 
 tabletop exercises conducted at the management level to ensure the Company is prepared in the event of a cybersecurity incident and to help identify areas of improvement for the cyber security incident response and risk management programs; 
 a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents, cybersecurity resilience and recovery; and 
 a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers, and vendors who access our critical systems and data. 
 We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See Item 1A "Risk Factors " . 
 Cybersecurity Governance 
 Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to its Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. Our Audit Committee oversees management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. 
 Our Audit Committee receives regular reports from management on our cybersecurity risks, and our full Board receives a periodic update. In addition, management updates the Audit Committee, as necessary, regarding any material cybersecurity incidents, as well as significant incidents. 
 Our Audit Committee reports to the full Board regarding its activities, including those related to cybersecurity. Board members receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from our Vice-President of Information Technology ("VPIT") and our Director - Information Security ("DIS") or external experts as part of the Board s continuing education on topics that impact public companies. 
 Our management team, including our VPIT and DIS has overall responsibility for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. The team has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program and supervises both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our management team s experience includes extensive technology and finance leadership experience across multiple industries, experience in the Legal, Risk and Compliance disciplines, and over 20 years of cybersecurity leadership experience for our VPIT. 
 Our management team is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of key cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel, threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the information technology environment. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of August 31, 2024, we owned or leased the following facilities (square footage in thousands): 
 Number of Locations Square Footage Distribution / Sales / Admin Manufacturing Total Owned Leased Total Industrial Tools Services 10 35 45 132 1,181 1,313 Corporate and Other 2 2 4 26 173 199 12 37 49 158 1,354 1,512 
 We consider our facilities suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used and do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or in finding alternative facilities. Our largest facilities are located in the United States, the Netherlands, China and the United Kingdom. We also maintain a presence in Algeria, Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Kazakhstan, India, Italy, Japan, Norway, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Spain and the United Arab Emirates. See Note 10, Leases in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our lease commitments. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are a party to various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings typically include product liability, breaches of contract, employment, personal injury and other disputes. 
 15 

We have recorded reserves for estimated losses based on the specific circumstances of each case. Such reserves are recorded when it is probable that a loss has been incurred as of the balance sheet date and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In our opinion, the resolution of these contingencies is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Information with respect to contingencies arising from legal proceedings, including governmental investigations, set forth in Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 16 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s Cla ss A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EPAC. As of September 30, 2024, there were 672 shareholde rs of record of the Company's Class A common stock. 
 Dividends 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company declared a dividend of 0.04 per share of Class A common stock payable on October 18, 2024 to shareholders of record on October 7, 2024. In fiscal 2023, the Company declared a dividend of 0.04 per share of Class A common stock payable on October 18, 2023 to shareholders of record on October 6, 2023. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company's Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company's common stock under publicly announced share repurchase programs. Since the inception of the initial share repurchase program in fiscal 2012, the Company has repurchased 30,082,181 shares of common stock for 839 million. In March 2022, the Company's Board of Directors rescinded its prior share repurchase authorization and approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of a total of shares of the Company's outstanding common stock. As of August 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this authorization is 2,717,049 shares. 
 In December 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the retirement of the Company's repurchased shares, and the Company retired treasury shares. The initial share retirement resulted in reductions of million in Class A Common Stock and million in Retained Earnings reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2024. Shares repurchased after December 18, 2023 were retired upon repurchase. In addition to the initial share retirement, the Company repurchased and retired shares during the year-ended August 31, 2024. 
 The following table summarizes share repurchases during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, all of which were purchased under publicly announced share repurchase programs. 
 Period Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program June 1 to June 30, 2024 2,860,748 July 1 to July 31, 2024 2,860,748 August 1 to August 31, 2024 143,699 39.40 2,717,049 143,699 39.40 

17 

Performance Graph 
 The graph and table b elow compare the cumulative 5-year total return of the Company's Class A common stock with the cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 600 Industrial Index. They assume that the value of the investment in our Class A common stock for the last trading day of each fiscal year, in each index, and in the peer group (in each case, including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on August 31, 2019 and tracks it through August 31, 2024. 
 
 100 Invested on 8/31/19 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Fiscal year ending August 31. 
 
 Copyright 2024 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 Copyright 2024 Russell Investment Group. All rights reserved. 
 8/19 8/20 8/21 8/22 8/23 8/24 
 Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 100.00 93.82 113.74 87.87 118.90 187.42 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 106.02 155.94 128.05 134.01 158.76 S P 600 Industrial Index 100.00 103.94 150.50 139.60 168.90 213.20 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 18 

Item 6. [ Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis is intended to assist the reader in understandin g our results of operations and financial condition. Management s Discussion and Analysis is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ". 
 Background 
 The Company has one reportable segment, the Industrial Tools Service ("IT S") segment, and an Other operating segment, which does not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment. The IT S segment is primarily engaged in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded hydraulic and mechanical tools, and in providing services and tool rental to the refinery/petrochemical; general industrial; industrial maintenance, repair and operations ("MRO"); machining manufacturing; power generation; infrastructure; mining and other markets. Financial information related to the Company's reportable segment is included in Note 15, "Business Segment, Geographic and Customer Information" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Update 
 Our businesses provide an array of products and services across multiple markets and geographies which results in significant diversification. The IT S segment and the Company are well-positioned to drive shareholder value through a sustainable business strategy built on well-established brands, broad global distribution and end markets, clear focus on the core tools and services business and disciplined capital deployment. 
 Our Business Model 
 Our long-term goal is to create sustainable returns for our shareholders through above-market growth in our core business, expanding our margins, generating strong cash flow and being disciplined in the deployment of our capital. We intend to grow through execution of our organic growth strategy, focused on key vertical markets that benefit from long-term macro trends, driving customer driven innovation, expansion of our digital ecosystem to acquire and engage customers, and an expansion in emerging markets such as Asia Pacific. In addition to organic growth, we also focus on margin expansion through operational efficiency techniques, including lean, continuous improvement and 80/20, to drive productivity and lower costs, as well as optimizing our selling, general and administrative expenses through consolidation and shared service implementation. We also apply these techniques and pricing actions to offset commodity increases and inflationary pricing. Finally, cash flow generation is critical to achieving our financial and long-term strategic objectives. We believe driving profitable growth and margin expansion will result in cash flow generation, which we seek to supplement through minimizing primary working capital. We intend to allocate the cash flow that results from the execution of our strategy in a disciplined way toward investment in our businesses, maintaining our strong balance sheet, disciplined M A and opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. We anticipate the compounding effect of reinvesting in our business will fuel further growth and profitable returns. 
 General Business Update 
 In March 2022, the Company announced the start of its ASCEND transformation program ASCEND ), initially estimating an incremental 40 to 50 million of annual operating profit once fully implemented. ASCEND s key initiatives include accelerating organic growth strategies, improving operational excellence and production efficiency by utilizing a Lean approach, and driving greater efficiency and productivity in selling, general and administrative expense by better leveraging resources to create a more efficient and agile organization. At the time the company anticipated investing 60 to 65 million through the end of fiscal 2024 to complete these actions. 
 In June 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan in connection with the initiatives identified as part of the ASCEND transformation program to drive greater efficiency and productivity in global selling, general and administrative resources. The total costs of this plan were then estimated at 6 to 10 million, constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate. (see Note 4, Restructuring Charges in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). These costs were incorporated into the initial investment of 60 to 65 million. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a range of 10 to 15 million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value and the range did not change at that time. 
 In March 2023, the Company increased the estimated investment range to 70 to 75 million, inclusive of the 10 to 15 million of the previously announced restructuring, over the life of the program. 
 19 

In October 2023, the Company announced that during fiscal 2023, the Company had realized approximately 54 million of annual operating profit from execution of the ASCEND program and would no longer be breaking out the ASCEND benefit from results going into fiscal 2024. Through fiscal 2023, the Company invested approximately 60 million as part of the program, both through program charges and restructuring. Through the end of fiscal 2024 when the ASCEND program concluded, the Company has invested approximately 75 million as part of the program, consisting of 19 million through restructuring and 56 million in ASCEND transformation program charges. The following summarizes ASCEND transformation charges (in thousands): 
 Year-Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Program to Date ASCEND Expense recorded in Cost of products sold 1,018 924 6 1,948 ASCEND Expense recorded in SG A expenses 6,029 34,495 13,610 54,134 Total ASCEND Expense 7,047 35,419 13,616 56,082 Recorded with Restructuring charges 7,843 7,719 3,050 18,612 Total ASCEND Transformation Charges 14,890 43,138 16,666 74,694 
 Commencing in February 2022, in response to the armed conflict in Ukraine, many countries, including the member countries of NATO, initiated a variety of sanctions and export controls targeting Russia and associated entities. Approximately 1 of our historical annual sales were to customers and distributors associated with Russia and we had approximately 0.5 million of receivables associated with those customers and distributors as of February 28, 2022. The sanctions currently in place limit our ability to provide goods to those customers and distributors and banking sanctions effectively negate our ability to collect those receivables; as such, we recorded a full allowance for credit losses against those receivables as of February 28, 2022 and indefinitely suspended doing business in Russia. We will continue to monitor the situation with Russia to assess when and if we are able to resume business with those customers and distributors, including collection of the outstanding receivables. We also continue to monitor and manage the ancillary impact of the Russia crisis on our business, which is primarily related to supply chain, increased commodity and energy costs, foreign exchange rate volatility and dealer confidence, particularly in Europe. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company recorded through bad debt expense (included in "Selling, general and administrative expenses" in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings) a reserve of 13 million to fully reserve for the outstanding accounts receivable balance for an agent in our Europe/Middle East/Africa ("EMEA") region. The allowance for credit losses for this particular agent remains unchanged during fiscal 2024 and represents management's best estimate of the probable amount of collection and considers various factors with respect to this matter, including, but not limited to, (i) the lack of payment by the agent since the fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2021, (ii) our due diligence on balances due to the agent from its end customers related to sales of our services and products and the known markup on those sales from the agent to end customers, (iii) the status of ongoing negotiations with the agent to secure payments, (iv) legal recourse available to us to secure payment, and (v) the agent is currently in bankruptcy proceedings. Actual collections from the agent may differ from the Company's estimate. We have completely ceased our relationship with this agent and have transitioned to serving our regional customers through recently created direct operations within the region. 
 On October 31, 2019, the Company completed the sale of its former EC S segment to wholly owned subsidiaries of BRWS Parent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners II, LP, for a purchase price of approximately 216 million (inclusive of final working capital adjustments). The EC S segment is treated as discontinued operations in our financial statements for all periods included therein. 
 On July 11, 2023, the Company completed the sale of the Cortland Industrial business, for net proceeds of 20 million. The Company recorded a net gain of 6 million, see additional discussion in Note 5, "Discontinued Operations and Other Divestiture Activities" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

20 

Historical Financial Data 
 The following table and corresponding year-over-year analysis sets forth our results of continuing operations (dollars in millions, except per share amounts): 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Statements of Earnings Data: (1) 
 Net sales 590 100 598 100 571 100 Cost of products sold 288 49 303 51 306 54 Gross profit 301 51 295 49 265 46 Selling, general and administrative expenses 169 29 205 34 217 38 Amortization of intangible assets 3 1 5 1 7 1 Restructuring charges 7 1 7 1 8 1 Impairment divestiture (benefit) charges (6) (1) 2 Operating profit 122 21 84 14 31 5 Financing costs, net 14 2 12 2 4 1 Other expense, net 3 1 3 1 2 Earnings before income tax expense 106 18 69 12 24 4 Income tax expense 23 4 15 3 4 1 Net earnings 82 14 54 9 20 3 Other Financial Data: (1) 
 Depreciation 10 11 12 Capital expenditures 11 9 8 
 (1) Results are from continuing operations and exclude the financial results of previously divested businesses reported as discontinued operations. The summation of the individual components may not equal the total due to rounding. 
 Fiscal 2024 compared to Fiscal 2023 
 C onsolidated net sales for fiscal 2024 were 590 million, 1 lower than the prior-year sales of 598 million. The impact of foreign currency rates was nearly flat year-over-year, while the divestiture of the Cortland Industrial business during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 unfavorably impacted fiscal 2024 sales by approximately 23 million, or 4 . Management refers to sales adjusted to exclude the impact of these items, foreign currency changes and recent acquisitions and divestitures, as "organic sales", which we formerly referred to as "core sales". Product sales declined 3 compared to prior fiscal year to 474 million, with foreign currency impact of less than 1 and the Cortland Industrial divestiture unfavorably impacting sales by 5 , resulting in a 1 improvement in Product organic sales. The increase in Product organic sales was driven by pricing actions and mix within the IT S product offerings; however, this was partially offset by a decrease in organic sales in the Cortland Medical business due to softness in demand related to certain surgical procedures utilizing Cortland Biomedical products. Service sales were 116 million, an increase of 7 compared to the prior fiscal year. Foreign currency impact was nearly flat, resulting in a 7 increase in organic Service sales over the prior fiscal year. The organic sales increase in the Service business was due to strong growth within our EMEA region from increased work scopes, higher maintenance activity in the North Sea and projects delayed from the prior fiscal year taking place during fiscal 2024. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of sales was approximately 51 in fiscal 2024, 2 higher than fiscal 2023. The increase in gross profit is primarily attributed to operational improvements from the ASCEND transformation program, as well as pricing actions and the disposition of Cortland Industrial. 
 Operating profit for fiscal 2024 was 122 million, approximately 38 million higher than the prior fiscal year of 84 million. Operating profit was impacted by the increased gross profit noted above, as well as a reduction of Selling, general administrative ("SG A") expense of 36 million compared to the prior fiscal year. The SG A decrease was primarily due to lower ASCEND transformation program charges 28 million), M A charges 1 million) and leadership transition charges 1 million), as well as reduced incentive compensation expense. 
 21 

Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 
 C onsolidated net sales for fiscal 2023 were 598 million, 5 higher than the prior-year sales of 571 million. The impact of foreign currency rates unfavorably impacted fiscal 2023 sales by approximately 11 million, or 2 , and the divestiture of the Cortland Industrial business during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 unfavorably impacted sales by approximately 6 million, or 1 . Product sales growth was 8 , with foreign currency and the divestiture of the Cortland Industrial business both unfavorably impacting sales by 9 million, or 3 , and 6 million, or 1 , respectively. The Product sales growth was primarily due to pricing actions, with some volume contribution. Service sales declined 8 , unfavorably impacted by 2 million, or 1 , due to foreign currency and our reduced activity in the EMEA region following implementation of an 80/20 analysis that drove a more selective process for quoting projects, with a focus on more differentiated solutions. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of sales was approximately 49 in fiscal 2023, 3 higher than fiscal 2022. The increased gross profit is primarily attributed to the pricing actions, with some volume contribution noted above and production efficiencies implemented as part of the ASCEND transformation program, partially offset by additional costs associated with the ASCEND transformation program. 
 Operating profit for fiscal 2023 was 84 million, approximately 53 million higher than the prior fiscal year of 31 million. Operating profit was impacted by the increased gross profit noted above, as well as a reduction of Selling, general administrative ("SG A") expense of 12 million compared to the prior fiscal year. The SG A decrease was primarily due to personnel savings from the actions taken in the ASCEND transformation program, as well as prior-fiscal-year charges including the EMEA agent specific reserve 13 million) and leadership transition charges 7 million), and a reduction of business review charges related to external support for the deep dive holistic business review 3 million). These reductions were partially offset by increased incentive compensation expense and expense from the ASCEND transformation program 21 million) compared to the prior fiscal year. Restructuring charges in fiscal 2023 decreased by 1 million to 7 million compared to fiscal 2022. Impairment and divestitures charges (benefit) improved by 9 million due to the gain on sale recorded from the Cortland Industrial divestiture in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Segment Results 
 IT S Segment 
 The IT S segment is a global supplier of branded hydraulic and mechanical tools and services to a broad array of end markets, including refinery/petrochemical; general industrial; industrial MRO; machining manufacturing; power generation; infrastructure; mining and other markets. Its primary products include branded tools, cylinders, pumps, hydraulic torque wrenches, highly engineered heavy lifting technology solutions and other tools (Product product line). The segment provides maintenance and manpower services to meet customer-specific needs and rental capabilities for certain of our products (Service Rental product line). The following table sets forth the results of operations for the IT S segment (dollars in millions): 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net Sales 571 555 527 Operating Profit 153 136 79 Operating Profit 26.8 24.5 14.9 
 Fiscal 2024 compared to Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2024 net sales were 571 million, an increase of 16 million, or 3 from fiscal 2023 sales of 555 million. Organic sales also increased by 3 , as the impact of foreign currency was nearly flat. The increase in sales was predominately driven by our Service business which had strong growth within our EMEA region from increased work scopes, higher maintenance activity in the North Sea and projects delayed from the prior fiscal year taking place during fiscal 2024. Sales in the Product business also increased, but not to the extent of the Service business. The growth in Product business sales was driven by pricing actions and product mix within the IT S product offerings. 
 Fiscal 2024 operating profit increased 17 million to 153 million. This increase was driven by the aforementioned pricing actions, with some volume contribution and a reduction in SG A expenses. The reduction of SG A expense was from reduced ASCEND Transformation Program charges 4 million) and lower incentive compensation expense, partially offset by slightly higher restructuring charges 1 million) for this segment. 
 22 

Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2023 net sales were 555 million, an increase of 28 million, or 5 , from fiscal 2022 sales of 527 million, with foreign currency rates unfavorably impacting sales by approximately 11 million, or 3 . The increase in sales was predominately driven by growth in the Product business primarily due to pricing actions, with some volume contribution, which was partially offset by the decline in the Service business due to the implementation of 80/20 analysis and a more selective process for quoting projects in the EMEA region, with a focus on more differentiated solutions in the EMEA region. 
 Fiscal 2023 operating profit increased 57 million to 136 million. This increase was driven by the aforementioned pricing actions, with some volume contribution and a reduction in SG A expenses. The reduction of SG A expense was a result of a 13 million EMEA agent specific reserve and personnel savings from ASCEND actions, which were partially offset by increased incentive compensation expense and higher costs for the ASCEND transformation program in fiscal 2023. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate consists of selling, general and administrative costs and expenses, including executive, legal, finance, human resources, and information technology, that are not allocated to the segments based on their nature. Corporate expenses were 36 million in fiscal 2024, which was 27 million lower than the fiscal 2023 expenses of 63 million. This decrease was primarily due to a reduction in ASCEND transformation program charges in fiscal 2024 25 million). 
 Corporate expenses were 63 million in fiscal 2023 which was 14 million higher than the fiscal 2022 expenses of 49 million. This increase was primarily from ASCEND transformation program expenses 15 million) and incentive compensation expense. The increase in expense was partially offset by decreases in leadership transition charges 7 million) and in external support for the deep dive-holistic business review 3 million). 
 Net financing costs were 14 million, 12 million and 4 million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net financing costs for both fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was due to the year-over-year increase in interest rates and debt levels during each succeeding fiscal year. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The Company's income tax expense is impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, the amount of taxable earnings generated in foreign jurisdictions with tax rates that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate, permanent items, state tax rates, changes in tax laws, acquisitions and divestitures and the ability to utilize various tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards. Income tax expense also includes the impact of provision to tax return adjustments, changes in valuation allowances and reserve requirements for unrecognized tax benefits. Pre-tax earnings, income tax expense and effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the past three fiscal years were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Earnings before income tax expense 105,519 68,898 23,992 Income tax expense 23,312 15,249 4,401 Effective income tax rate 22.1 22.1 18.3 
 The comparability of pre-tax earnings, income tax expense and the related effective income tax rates are impacted by impairment and other divestiture charges and benefits. Fiscal 2024 results included less than 1 million of impairment and divestiture charges, whereas fiscal 2023 results included 6 million of impairment and divestiture benefits and fiscal 2022 results included 2 million of impairment and divestiture charges. A substantial portion of these charges (benefits) do not result in a tax expense or benefit. The fiscal 2024 tax provision included a tax benefit of 4 million related to the lapse of the statute of limitations on uncertain tax positions and global tax planning initiatives. The fiscal 2023 tax provision included a tax benefit of 2 million related to global tax planning initiatives, whereas the fiscal 2022 tax provision included a tax benefit of 3 million related to global tax planning initiatives resulting from certain prior-year business losses for which no benefits were previously recognized. 
 Both the fiscal 2024 and prior-year income tax provisions were impacted by the mix of earnings in foreign jurisdictions with income tax rates different than the U.S. federal income tax rate and income tax benefits from global tax planning initiatives. The fiscal 2024 and 2023 effective tax rate were both 22.1 . The fiscal 2024 effective tax rate was slightly higher than the statutory 21 primarily as a result of state income taxes and taxes in foreign jurisdictions with rates higher than the U.S. which were partially offset by one-time tax benefits related to the lapse of the statute of limitations on uncertain tax positions and global tax planning initiatives that will not repeat in future periods due to certain tax attributes that are no longer available. 
 23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At August 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were 167 million, comprised of 111 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries and 56 million held domestically. The following table summarizes the cash flow attributable to operating, investing and financing activities (in millions): 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash provided by operating activities 81 78 52 Cash (used in) provided by investing activities (14) 11 (7) Cash used in financing activities (56) (53) (52) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 2 (2) (12) Net increase (decrease) from cash and cash equivalents 13 34 (20) 
 Cash flow provided by operations was 81 million for fiscal 2024 and 78 million for fiscal 2023. The 3 million increase in cash flow from operations was primarily the result of 29 million of higher earnings from continuing operations, partially offset by decreases in accrued compensation and benefits, principally due to lower incentive compensation expense, of 18 million, with the remainder due to a decrease in other accrued liabilities principally from reduced costs associated with ASCEND. We had approximately 14 million of cash used in investing activities from continuing operations, which is a 25 million decrease from the prior fiscal year, due principally to the 20 million in proceeds from the sale of the Cortland Industrial business in the fourth qu arter of fiscal 2023, net of the 1 million in working capital adjustments settled during fiscal 2024 (see Note 5, "Discontinued Operations and Other Divestiture Activities" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further detail on the divestiture). The remaining variance is due to higher capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 relating to build-out costs for the company's new headquarters location in Milwaukee, with an anticipated fiscal 2025 move-in date, and purchase of the business assets of Track Tools during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 
 Cash flow provided by operations was 78 million for fiscal 2023 and 52 million for fiscal 2022. The 26 million increase in cash flow from operations was primarily the result of 34 million of higher earnings from continuing operations, partially offset by an increase in accrued compensation and benefits, principally for incentive compensation, of 10 million. We had approximately 11 million of cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations due to the proceeds from the sale of the Cortland Industrial business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 (see Note 5, "Discontinued Operations and Other Divestiture Activities" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further detail on the divestiture), as year-over-year cash used for investing in capital expenditures was nearly flat. Cash used in financing activities was 53 million, nearly flat compared to the use of 52 million in the prior fiscal year; however the mix of usage in each fiscal year was different. In fiscal 2023 we entered into a new debt agreement (see Note 7, "Debt" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further details of the senior credit facility) resulting in a change of debt mix with the repayment of our outstanding revolver and proceeds received from the issuance of a term loan. In fiscal 2023, the amount for our repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock was lower than the prior fiscal year. During fiscal 2023, we paid 1 million on our term loan. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company refinanced its credit facility resulting in an updated senior credit facility (the "Senior Credit Facility") of 600 million, comprised of a 400 million revolving line of credit and a 200 million term loan, which will mature in September 2027. Prior to this, the Company's senior credit facility was comprised of a 400 million revolving line of credit and a 200 million term loan which were scheduled to mature in March 2024. The Senior Credit Facility contains restrictive covenants and financial covenants. See Note 7, "Debt" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further details of the Senior Credit Facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants, including the financial covenants, under the Senior Credit facility at August 31, 2024. The unused credit line and amount available for borrowing under the revolving line of credit of the Senior Credit Facility was 398 million at August 31, 2024. 
 24 

We believe that the revolving credit facility under the Senior Credit Facility, combined with our existing cash on hand and anticipated operating cash flows, will be adequate to meet operating, debt service, acquisition and capital expenditure funding requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 Primary Working Capital Management 
 We use primary working capital as a percentage of sales as a key metric for working capital efficiency. We define this metric as the sum of net accounts receivable and net inventory less accounts payable, divided by the past three months' sales annualized. The following table shows the components of our primary working capital (dollars in millions): 
 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 PWC PWC Accounts receivable, net 104 16 98 15 Inventory, net 73 12 75 12 Accounts payable (43) (7) (51) (8) Net primary working capital 134 21 122 19 
 Total primary working capital was 134 million at August 31, 2024, which increased from 122 million at August 31, 2023. The primary working capital increase related to increased accounts receivable from timing of sales during the fourth quarter, with a higher proportion of those sales being current at quarter-end and therefore not collectable within the fiscal year. The decrease in inventory is due to continued work on inventory levels around the world. The reduction in payables is related to the decrease in our ASCEND transformation program charges. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The majority of our manufacturing activities consist of assembly operations. We believe that our capital expenditure requirements are not as extensive as other industrial companies given the nature of our operations. Capital expenditures associated with continuing operations were 11 million, 9 million and 8 million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 During fiscal 2024 we began the build-out of a new downtown Milwaukee location for Enerpac Tool Group. We expect to relocate our corporate headquarters to the building during fiscal 2025. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Given our desire to allocate cash flow and revolver availability to fund growth initiatives, we have historically leased most of our facilities and some operating equipment. We lease certain facilities, computers, equipment and vehicles under various operating lease agreements, generally over periods ranging from one to twenty years. Under most arrangements, we pay the property taxes, insurance, maintenance and expenses related to the leased property. Many of our leases include provisions that enable us to renew the leases at contractually agreed rates or, less commonly, based upon market rental rates on the date of expiration of the initial leases. 
 We had outstanding commercial letters of credit of 4 million and surety bonds of 4 million at August 31, 2024, while we had 9 million of outstanding letters of credit at August 31, 2023. Most of these instruments relate to commercial contracts and self-insured workers compensation programs. 
 Additional detail regarding contingencies is included in Note 16, "Commitments and Contingencies" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our predominant sources of contractual obligations include the payment of interest and principal on our outstanding line of credit, our operating lease portfolio, certain employee-related benefit plans and agreements with certain suppliers related to the procurement of inventory. 
 The timing of principal payments associated with our revolving line of credit are disclosed in Note 7, "Debt" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. We pay interest monthly based on prevailing interest rates at the time and the balance outstanding on our revolving line of credit. 
 Our lease contracts are primarily for real estate, vehicles, and manufacturing equipment. See Note 10, "Leases" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for future minimum lease payments associated with our lease portfolio. 
 We have long-term obligations related to our deferred compensation, pension and postretirement plans that are summarized in Note 11, Employee Benefit Plans in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 25 

As part of our global sourcing strategy, we have entered into agreements with certain suppliers that require the supplier to maintain minimum levels of inventory to support certain products for which we require a short lead time to fulfill customer orders. We have the ability to notify the supplier that they no longer need to maintain the minimum level of inventory should we discontinue manufacturing a product during the contract period; however, we must purchase the remaining minimum inventory levels the supplier was required to maintain within a defined period of time. These contracts allow for us to terminate with appropriate notice so long as we utilize the remaining inventory on hand at the supplier and there are no overall minimum volumes in these contracts other than what the supplier is required to maintain on hand at any given point in time. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP. This requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The following estimates are considered by management to be the most critical in understanding judgments involved in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and uncertainties that could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. 
 Accounts receivable, net: Accounts receivable, net is recorded based on the contractual value of our accounts receivable, net of an estimated allowance for credit losses representing management s best estimate of the amount of receivables that are not probable of collection. Accounts receivable, net was 104 million as of August 31, 2024 , which is net of a 16 million allowance for credit losses. Our customer base generally consists of financially reputable distributors, agents, OEMs, and other customers with whom we have long standing relationships, and historically we have not experienced significant write off of accounts receivables as a percentage of our annual net sales (accounts receivable written off as a percentage of net sales was less than 0.5 for each the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectivel y). As of August 31, 2024, the Company continued to be exposed to a concentration of credit risk with an agent as a result of its continued payment delinquency. During the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company recorded through bad debt expense (included in SG A expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings) a reserve of 13 million for this agent based on the consideration of the factors listed below, which fully reserves for this agent's outstanding account receivable balance. The allowance for credit losses for this particular agent remained unchanged as of August 31, 2024 and continues to represent management's best estimate of the amount probable of collection and considers various factors with respect to this matter, including, but not limited to, (i) the lack of payment by the agent since the fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2021, (ii) our due diligence on balances due to the agent from its end customers related to sales of our services and products and the known markup on those sales from the agent to end customer, (iii) the status of ongoing negotiations with the agent to secure payments and (iv) legal recourse available to secure payment. Actual collections from the agent may differ from the Company's estimate. 
 Inventories: Inventory cost is determined using the last-in, first-out LIFO method for a portion of U.S. owned inventory (approximately 49 and 48 of total inventories at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively). If the LIFO method were not used, inventory balances would be higher than amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet by 18 million at both August 31, 2024 and 2023. We perform an analysis on historical sales usage of individual inventory items on hand and record a reserve to adjust inventory cost to net realizable value, if necessary. The inventory valuation assumptions used are based on historical experience. We believe that such estimates are made based on consistent and appropriate methods; however, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Goodw ill and Indefinite-lived intangibles: 
 Goodwill Impairment Review and Estimates: A considerable amount of management judgment is required in performing the impairment tests, principally in determining the fair value of each reporting unit and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. While we believe our judgments and ass umptions are reasonable, different assumptions could change the estimated fair values and, therefore, impairment charges could be required. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to the Company's business, loss of significant customers, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets or in entity structure and divestitures may adversely impact the assumptions used in the valuations and ultimately result in future impairment charges. 
 In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit, we generally use a discounted cash flow model, which calculates fair value as the sum of the projected discounted cash flows over a discrete six-year period plus an estimated terminal value. Significant assumptions include forecasted revenues, operating profit margins, and discount rates applied to the future cash flows based on the respective reporting unit's estimated weighted average cost of capital. In certain circumstances, we also may review a market approach in which a trading multiple is applied to either forecasted EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization) or anticipated proceeds of the reporting unit to arrive at the estimated fair value. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded. The estimated fair value represents the amount we believe a reporting unit could be bought or sold for in a current transaction between willing parties on an arms-length basis. 
 26 

Fiscal 2024 Impairment Charges : The fiscal 2024 annual review of reporting units performed in the fourth quarter did not result in an impairment. All reporting units exceeded the carrying value by more than 85 . 
 Fiscal 2023 Impairment Charges : The fiscal 2023 annual review of reporting units performed in the fourth quarter did not result in an impairment. All reporting units exceeded the carrying value by more than 65 . 
 Indefinite-lived intangibles (tradenames): Indefinite-lived intangible assets are also subject to annual impairment testing. On an annual basis or more frequently if a triggering event occurs, the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets, based on a relief of royalty valuation approach, are evaluated to determine if an impairment charge is required. 
 No impairment was recorded in fiscal 2024 or 2023 as a result of triggering events or the annual impairment review of indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 A considerable amount of management judgment is required in performing impairment tests, principally in determining the fair value of each reporting unit and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. While we believe our judgments and assumptions are reasonable, different assumptions could change the estimated fair values and, therefore, future additional impairment charges could be required. Prolonged weakening industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, loss of significant customers, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets or in entity structure and divestitures may adversely impact the assumptions used in the valuations and ultimately result in future impairment charges. 
 Business Combinations and Purchase Accounting: Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their respective fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. Assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires knowledge of current market values and the values of assets in use, and often requires the application of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. While the ultimate responsibility resides with management, for certain acquisitions we retain the services of certified valuation specialists to assist with assigning estimated values to certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including intangible assets and tangible long-lived assets. Acquired intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are valued using discounted cash flow methodology based on future cash flows specific to the type of intangible asset purchased. This methodology incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, profit margins and forecasted cash flows based on discount rates and terminal growth rates. 
 Defined Benefit Plans: We provide a variety of benefits to employees and former employees including, in some cases, pensions and postretirement health care. Plan assets and obligations are recorded based on an August 31 measurement date utilizing various actuarial assumptions such as discount rates, assumed rates of return on plan assets and health care cost trend rates. We determine the discount rate assumptions by referencing high-quality, long-term bond rates that are matched to the duration of our benefit obligations, with appropriate consideration of local market factors, participant demographics and benefit payment forecasts. At August 31, 2024 and 2023, the discount rates on domestic benefit plans were 5.0 and 5.4 , respectively. In estimating the expected return on plan assets, we consider historical returns, forward-looking considerations, inflation assumptions and the asset-allocation strategy in investing such assets. Domestic benefit plan assets consist primarily of participating units in mutual funds with equity based strategies, mutual funds with fixed income based strategies, and U.S treasury securities. The expected return on domestic benefit plan assets was 5.7 for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. A 25 basis point change in the assumptions for the discount rate or expected return on plan assets would not have materially changed the fiscal 2024 domestic benefit plan expense. 
 We review actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications based on current rates and trends, when appropriate. As required by US GAAP, the effects of any modifications are recorded currently or amortized over future periods. Based on information provided by independent actuaries and other relevant sources, we believe that the assumptions used are reasonable; however, changes in these assumptions could impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flow. See Note 11, Employee Benefit Plans in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Income Taxes: J udgment is required to determine the annual effective income tax rate, deferred tax assets and liabilities, reserves for unrecognized tax benefits and any valuation allowances recorded against net deferred tax assets. Our effective income tax rate is based on annual income, statutory tax rates, tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate and other adjustments. Our annual effective income tax rate includes the impact of discrete income tax matters including adjustments to reserves for uncertain tax positions and the benefits of various income tax planning activities. Tax regulations require items to be included in our tax returns at different times than these same items are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. As a result, the effective income tax rate in our consolidated financial statements differs from that reported in our tax returns. Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not tax deductible, while others are temporary differences, such as amortization and depreciation expenses. 
 27 

Temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets when the amount of expected future taxable income is not large enough to utilize the entire deduction or credit. Relevant factors in determining the realizability of deferred tax assets include future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences, tax planning strategies and the expiration dates of the various tax attributes. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The diverse nature of our business activities necessitates the management of various financial and market risks, including those related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity costs. 
 Interest Rate Risk As of August 31, 2024, long-term debt consisted of no borrowings under the revolving line of credit (variable rate debt) and million of term-loan debt bearing interest based on SOFR (variable rate). An interest-rate swap effectively converts the SOFR-based rate of million of term borrowings under our credit facility to a fixed rate. A ten percent increase in the average costs of our variable-rate debt would have resulted in a 2 million increase in financing costs for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 . 
 Foreign Currency Risk We maintain operations in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Our more significant non-U.S. operations are located in Australia, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia and China, and we have foreign currency risk relating to receipts from customers, payments to suppliers and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Under certain conditions, we enter into hedging transactions (primarily foreign currency exchange contracts) that enable us to mitigate the potential adverse impact of foreign currency exchange rate risk (see Note 9, Derivatives in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information). We do not engage in trading or other speculative activities with these transactions, as established policies require th at these hedging transactions relate to specific currency exposures. 
 The strengthening of the U.S. dollar can have an unfavorable impact on our results of operations and financial position as foreign denominated operating results are translated into U.S. dollars. To illustrate the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the translation of our results of operations, annual sales and operating profit were remeasured assuming a ten percent reduction in foreign exchange rates compared to the U.S. dollar. Under this assumption, annual sales would have been 3 million lower and operating profit would have been less than 1 million lower for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. This sensitivity analysis assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. dollar and excludes the potential effects that changes in foreign currency exchange rates may have on actual sales or price levels. Similarly, a ten percent decline in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar on our August 31, 2024 financial position would result in a 35 million reduction to equity (accumulated other comprehensive loss), as a result of non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities being translated into U.S. dollars, our reporting currency. 
 C ommodity Risk We source a wide variety of materials and components from a network of global suppliers. While such materials are typically available from numerous suppliers, commodity raw materials, such as steel and plastic resin are subject to price fluctuations which could have a negative impact on our results. We strive to timely pass along such commodity price increases to customers to avoid profit margin erosion. 
 28 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst Young LLP: PCAOB ID 
 30 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 2 2 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 2 2 
 34 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 202 4 and 20 23 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 2 2 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 2 2 
 37 
 Notes to C onsolidated F inancial S tatements 
 38 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 2 2 
 60 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 29 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company) as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive statement of income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated October 21, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 30 

Valuation of Goodwill within the IT S Segment Description of the Matter At August 31, 2024, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 269.6 million. Goodwill associated with the IT S segment was 256.0 million. As disclosed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Management tests goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. In estimating fair value, management utilizes a discounted cash flow model, which is dependent on a number of assumptions, most significantly forecasted revenues and operating profit margins, and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 Auditing management s goodwill impairment test within the IT S segment was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of certain reporting units evaluated for impairment using a quantitative assessment. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions over forecasted revenues, operating profit margins, and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process, including controls over management's review of the significant assumptions used to develop the fair value estimates and controls over the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the valuation. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting units evaluated for impairment using a quantitative assessment within the IT S segment, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We also involved our valuation specialists to review certain significant assumptions. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. We reconciled the fair value of the reporting units in the IT S segment to their carrying value and tested the Company s determination of the assets and liabilities used within the reporting units that are the basis for the carrying value. In addition, we tested management s reconciliation of the fair value of all the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company and assessed the adequacy of the Company s goodwill valuation disclosures. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 October 21, 2024 

31 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Enerpac Tool Group Corp. s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated October 21, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 October 21, 2024 
 32 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net sales Product Service rental Total net sales Cost of products sold Product Service rental Total cost of products sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges Impairment divestiture charges (benefit) ) Operating profit Financing costs, net Other expense, net Earnings before income tax expense Income tax expense Net earnings from continuing operations Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) ) Net earnings Earnings per share from continuing operations Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 33 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Cash flow hedges ) Pension and other postretirement benefit plans Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 August 31, 2024 2023 A S S E T S Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets L I A B I L I T I E S A N D S H A R E H O L D E R S E Q U I T Y Current Liabilities Trade accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Current maturities of long-term debt Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred income taxes Pension and postretirement benefit liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Class A common stock, 0.20 par value per share, authorized 168,000,000 shares, issued 54,234,660 and 83,760,798 shares, respectively Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, 0 and 28,772,715 shares, respectively ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock held in trust ) ) Deferred compensation liability Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Operating Activities Net earnings Less: Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations ) ) Net earnings from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities - continuing operations: Impairment divestiture charges (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Provision for bad debts Other non-cash charges (benefits) ) Changes in components of working capital and other, excluding acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Trade accounts payable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Income tax accounts Accrued compensation and benefits ) Other accrued liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities - continuing operations Cash used in operating activities - discontinued operations ) ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Working capital adjustment from the sale of business ) Purchase of business assets ) Proceeds from sale of business, net of transaction costs Cash (used in) provided by investing activities - continuing operations ) ) Cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Borrowings on revolving credit facility Principal repayments on revolving credit facility ) ) ) Principal repayments on term loan ) ) Proceeds from issuance of term loan Payment for redemption of revolver ) Swingline (repayments) borrowings, net ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock options, taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards other ) ) Payment of cash dividend ) ) ) Cash used in financing activities - continuing operations ) ) ) Cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) from cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Stock Held In Trust Deferred Compensation Liability Total Shareholders Equity Issued Shares Amount Balance at August 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock contribution to employee benefit plans and other Vesting of equity awards ) Cash dividend 0.04 per share) ) ) Treasury stock repurchases ) ) Stock based compensation expense Tax effect related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock issued to, acquired for and distributed from rabbi trust ) Balance at August 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock contribution to employee benefit plans and other Vesting of equity awards ) Cash dividend 0.04 per share) ) ) Treasury stock repurchases ) ) Stock based compensation expense Stock option exercises Tax effect related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock issued to, acquired for and distributed from rabbi trust ) Balance at August 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock contribution to employee benefit plans and other Vesting of equity awards ) Cash dividend 0.04 per share) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Stock option exercises Tax effect related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock issued to, acquired for and distributed from rabbi trust ) Treasury stock repurchases ) ) Treasury stock retired ) ) ) Balance at August 31, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and of total inventories as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively). If the LIFO method were not used, inventory balances would be higher than reported amounts in the consolidated balance sheets by million and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The nature of the Company s products is such that they generally have a very short production cycle. Consequently, the amount of work-in-process at any point in time is minimal. In addition, many parts or components are ultimately either sold individually or assembled with other parts making a distinction between raw materials and finished goods impractical to determine. Certain locations maintain and manage their inventories using a job cost system where the distinction of categories of inventory by state of completion is also not available. As a result of these factors, it is neither practical nor cost effective to segregate the amounts of raw materials, work-in-process or finished goods inventories at the respective balance sheet dates, as segregation would only be possible as the result of physical inventories which are taken at dates different from the balance sheet dates. 
 for buildings and improvements and two to for machinery and equipment. Equipment includes assets which are rented to customers of the IT S segment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the related asset or the term of the lease. Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Machinery and equipment Gross property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Leases: We determine if an arrangement contains a lease in whole or in part at the inception of the contract and identify classification of the lease as financing or operating. We account for the underlying operating lease asset at the individual lease level. Operating leases are recorded as operating lease right-of-use ROU assets in Other long-term assets and operating lease liabilities in Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 38 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Provision for warranties Warranty payments and costs incurred ) ) Warranty activity for divested businesses ) Impact of changes in foreign currency rates Ending balance 
 39 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 million million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 million , million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company also incurs significant costs in connection with fulfilling custom orders an d developing solutions for unique customer needs which are not included in these research and development expense totals. 
 million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit plans Cash flow hedges ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 40 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

Revenues recognized over time Total 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets, which are included in other current assets Contract liabilities, which are included in other current liabilities 
 Receivables: The Company performs its obligations under a contract with a customer by transferring goods or services in exchange for consideration from the customer. The Company typically invoices its customers as soon as control of an asset is transferred and a receivable for the Company is established. Accounts receivable, net is recorded at face amount of customer receiva bles less an allowance for credit losses. The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses for expected losses as a result of customers inability to make required payments. Management evaluates the aging of customer receivable balances, the financial condition of its customers, historical trends and the time outstanding of specific balances to estimate the amount of 
 41 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 million and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As indicated in the "Concentration of Credit Risk" section below, as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company was exposed to a concentration of credit risk with an agent as a result of its continued payment delinquency. During the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company recorded through bad debt expense (included in "Selling, general and administrative expenses" ("SG A expenses") in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings) a reserve of million based on the consideration of the factors listed below, which fully reserves for the outstanding account receivable balance for this agent. The allowance for credit losses for this particular agent remained unchanged as of August 31, 2024 represents management's best estimate of the amount probable of collection and considers various factors with respect to this matter, including, but not limited to, (i) the lack of payment by the agent since the fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2021; (ii) our due diligence on balances due to the agent from its end customers related to sales of our services and products and the known markup on those sales from the agent to end customer; (iii) the status of ongoing negotiations with the agent to secure payments; (iv) legal recourse available to secure payment; and (v) the agent is currently in bankruptcy proceedings. Actual collections from the agent may differ from the Company's estimate. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk: The Company sells products and services through distributors and agents. In certain jurisdictions, those third parties represent a significant portion of our sales in their respective country which can pose a concentration of credit risk if these larger distributors or agents are not timely in their payments. As of August 31, 2024 the Company was exposed to a concentration of credit risk as a result of the payment delinquency of one of our agents whose accounts receivable represent of the Company's outstanding accounts receivable. As of August 31, 2024, the Company has fully reserved for the amounts due from this agent. 
 Contract Assets: Contract assets relate to the Company s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed as of the reporting date on contracts with customers. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. The Company has contract assets on contracts that are generally long-term and have revenues that are recognized over time. 
 Contract Liabilities: As of August 31, 2024, the Company had certain contracts where there were unsatisfied performance obligations and the Company had received cash consideration from customers before the performance obligations were satisfied . The majority of these contracts relate to long-term customer contracts (project durations of greater than three months) and are recognized over time. The Company estimates that million will be recognized in net sales from satisfying those performance obligations within the next twelve months. 
 Timing of Performance Obligations Satisfied at a Point in Time: The Company evaluates when the customer obtains control of the product based on shipping terms, as control will transfer, depending upon such terms, at different points between the Company's manufacturing facility or warehouse and the customer s location. The Company considers control to have transferred upon shipment or delivery because (i) the Company has a present right to payment at that time; (ii) the legal title has been transferred to the customer; (iii) the Company has transferred physical possession of the product to the customer; and (iv) the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership of the product. 
 Variable Consideration: The Company estimates whether it will be subject to variable consideration under the terms of the contract and includes its estimate of variable consideration in the transaction price based on the expected value method when it is deemed probable of being realized based on historical experience and trends. Types of variable consideration may include rebates, incentives and discounts, among others, which are recorded as a reduction to net sales at the time when control of a performance obligation is transferred to the customer. 
 Practical Expedients Exemptions: The Company elected to expense the incremental cost to obtaining a contract when the amortization period for such contracts would be one year or less. The Company does not disclose the value of unperformed obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which it recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed. 
 
 to million of annual operating profit once fully implemented. ASCEND s key initiatives include accelerating organic growth strategies, improving operational excellence and production efficiency by utilizing a Lean approach, and driving greater efficiency and productivity in selling, general and administrative expense by better leveraging resources to create a more efficient and agile organization. At the time the company anticipated investing to million through the end of fiscal 2024 to complete these actions. 
 In June 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan in connection with the initiatives identified as part of the ASCEND transformation program to drive greater efficiency and productivity in global selling, general and administrative 
 42 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 to million, constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate. (see Note 4, Restructuring Charges in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). These costs were incorporated into the initial investment of to million. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a range of to million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value and the range did not change at that time. 
 In March 2023, the investment range increased from the initial to million, to to million inclusive of the to million of the previously announced restructuring over the life of the program. 
 The following summarizes ASCEND transformation charges (in thousands): 
 Year-Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Program to Date ASCEND Expense recorded in Cost of products sold ASCEND Expense recorded in SG A expenses Total ASCEND Expense Recorded with Restructuring charges Total ASCEND Transformation Charges 
 
 million of charges for the year ended August 31, 2022 in order to further simplify and streamline the organizational structure. The total cumulative charges for the 2019 plan, which ended in the third quarter of fiscal 2022, were million. 
 On June 27, 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan in connection with the initiatives identified as part of the ASCEND transformation program (see Note 3, ASCEND Transformation Program to drive greater efficiency and productivity in global selling, general and administrative resources. The total costs of this plan were then estimated at to million , constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a range of to million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value and the range did not change at that time. 
 For the year ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, of restructuring charges associated with the ASCEND transformation program. The total cumulative charges for the ASCEND transformation program, which ended in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, that related to restructuring were million. 
 43 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 million of charges associated with ASCEND transformation plan for Corporate associated with the accelerated vesting of equity awards which has no impact on the restructuring reserve) (in thousands): 
 Restructuring charges Cash payments ) ) Other non-cash uses of reserve ) Impact of changes in foreign currency rates Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 Year Ended August 31, 2023 2019 Plan ASCEND Plan IT S Corporate IT S Corporate Balance as of August 31, 2022 Restructuring charges ) ) Cash payments ) ) ) Other non-cash uses of reserve ) ) Impact of changes in foreign currency rates Balance as of August 31, 2023 
 million and million, respectively, which included approximately million and million of charges being reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in "Cost of products sold," with the balance of the charges reported on "Restructuring charges." Total restructuring charges (inclusive of the Other operating segment) being reported in "Restructuring charges " were million for the year 
 
 , as part of our overall strategy to become a pure-play industrial tools and services company, the Company completed the sale of the businesses comprising its former EC S segment. This divestiture was considered part of our strategic shift to become a pure-play industrial tools and services company, and therefore, the results of operations are recorded as a component of "Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes" in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings for all periods presented. All discontinued operations activity included within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods presented relate to impacts from certain retained liabilities.) Impairment divestiture benefit ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income, net Earnings (loss) before income tax benefit ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) ) 
 Other Divestiture Activities 
 On , the Company completed the sale of the Cortland Industrial business, which had been included in the Other operating segment, for net cash proceeds of million. In connection with the completion of the sale, the Company recorded a net gain of million, inclusive of million of purchase price from the customary finalization of working 
 44 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 million, and million for the year ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) are not material to the consolidated financial results. 

Impact of changes in foreign currency rates Balance as of August 31, 2023 Impact of changes in foreign currency rates Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 Patents Trademarks and tradenames Indefinite lived intangible assets: Tradenames N/A 
 The Company estimates amortization expense for future years to be: million in fiscal 2025, million in fiscal 2026, million in fiscal 2027, million in fiscal 2028, million in fiscal 2029 and million in aggregate thereafter. T he future amortization expense amounts represent estimates and may be impacted by future acquisitions, divestitures or changes in foreign currency exchange rates, among other causes. 
 In conjunction with our annual goodwill impairment assessment , the Company did not record any charges in fiscal 2024 or 2023. 
 
 Note 7. Debt 
 Term Loan Total Senior Indebtedness Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt, less current maturities 
 45 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Senior Credit Facility 
 On September 9, 2022, the Company refinanced its previous senior credit facility with a new million senior credit facility, comprised of a million revolving line of credit and a million term loan, which is scheduled to mature in September 2027. The Company has the option to request up to million of additional revolving commitments and/or term loans under the credit facility, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. This facility replaces LIBOR with adjusted term SOFR as the interest rate benchmark and provides for interest rate margins above adjusted term SOFR ranging from 1.125 to 1.875 per annum depending on the Company s net leverage ratio. In addition, a non-use fee is pa yable quarterly on the average unused amount of the revolving line of credit ranging from to pe r annum, based on the Company's net leverage. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at adjusted term SOFR plus 1.125 per annum. 
 The facility contains financial covenants requiring the Company to not permit (i) the net leverage ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters, to exceed to (or, at the Company s election and subject to certain conditions, to for the covenants period during which certain material acquisitions occur and the next succeeding four testing periods) or (ii) the interest coverage ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters, to be less than to . Borrowings under the facility are secured by substantially all personal property assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiary guarantors (other than certain specified excluded assets) and certain of the equity interests of certain subsidiaries of the Company. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the facility at August 31, 2024. 
 At August 31, 2024, there were million in borrowings outstanding under the term l oans, no borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit and million available for borrowing under the revolving line of credi t facility after reduction for million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the facility. 
 Cash Paid for Interest 
 The Company made cash net interest payments of million , million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 million and l ess than million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 million and a liability of million at August 31, 2024 and an asset of million and a liability of million at August 31, 2023 (see Note 9, Derivatives for further information on the Company's interest rate swap and net investment hedge.) The fair value of all derivative contracts were based on quoted inactive market prices and therefore classified as Level 2 
 
 million and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair value of outstanding foreign currency 
 46 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

million and less than million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 ) 
 During December 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap, with a maturity date of November 30, 2025, for the notional amount of million at a fixed interest rate of to hedge the floating interest rate of the Company's term loan. The interest rate swap was designated and qualified as a cash flow hedge. The Company uses the interest rate swap for the management of interest rate risk exposure, as an interest rate swap effectively converts a portion of the Company's debt from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
 The Company records the fair value of the interest rate swap as an asset or liability on its balance sheet. The change in the fair value of the interest rate swap, a net loss of million and net gain of million for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively , is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 The Company also uses interest-rate derivatives to hedge portions of our net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries (net investment hedge) against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the U.S. dollar. For derivatives that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge in a foreign operation the net gains or losses attributable to the hedge changes are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) where they offset gains and losses recorded on our net investments where the entity has non-U.S. dollar functional currency. As of August 31, 2024 , the notional amount of cross-currency swaps designated as net investment hedges was million. The change in the fair value of the net investment hedge, a net loss of million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively , is recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 to years and may contain renewal options for periods up to years at our discretion. Our leases generally contain payments that are primarily fixed; however, certain lease arrangements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. These amounts include payments affected by changes in the Consumer Price Index and executory costs (such as real estate taxes, utilities and common-area maintenance), which are based on usage or performance. In addition, our leases generally do not include material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases 
 47 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 34,618 39,031 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: Operating leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate: Operating leases 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of net minimum lease payments 34,618 

Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Reconciliation of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Company contributions Benefits paid from plan assets ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status of the plans (underfunded) ) ) 
 48 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic benefit expense 
 As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, million and million, respectively, of pension plan actuarial losses, which have not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes. During fiscal 2025, million of these actuarial losses are expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit cost. 
 Assumptions for net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets 
 The Company's objective for its pension plan is to achieve an asset and liability duration match so that interim fluctuations in funded status should be limited by increasing the correlation between assets and liabilities. As such, the plan assets are invested to maintain funded ratios over the long term, while managing the risk that funded ratios fall meaningfully below 100 . In fiscal 2024 and 2023, the plan assets were invested in a mix of duration-matched fixed income securities and equity securities. Cash balances are maintained at levels adequate to meet near-term plan expenses and benefit payments. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis. At August 31, 2024, the Company s overall expected long-term rate of return for assets in U.S. pension plans was . The expected long-term rate of return is based on the portfolio as a whole and not on the sum of the returns on individual asset categories. The target return is based on historical returns adjusted to reflect the current view of the long-term investment market and our 50 investment mix between fixed income and equity securities. 
 Income receivable Fixed income securities: U.S. Treasury Securities Corporate Bonds Mutual funds Equity securities: Mutual funds Total plan assets 
 The fair value of mutual funds are based on unadjusted quoted market prices and therefore are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy under US GAAP. U.S. Treasury Securities and Corporate Bonds are valued using Level 2 inputs, as defined in Note 8, Fair Value Measurements. 
 Projected benefit payments from plan assets to participants in the Company s U.S. pension plans are million for fiscal 2025, million per year for fiscal 2026 and 2027, million for fiscal 2028, million for fiscal 2029 and million in aggregate for the following five years. The Company plans to make a contribution of million to the U.S. pension plans in September of fiscal 2025. The Company did not make a contribution to the plan in fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. 
 49 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

Employer service costs Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) Currency impact Benefit obligation at end of year Reconciliation of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Company contributions Benefits paid from plan assets ) ) Currency impact Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status of the plans (underfunded) ) ) 
 The following table provides detail on the Company s foreign net periodic benefit expense (in thousands): 
 Year ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Employer service costs Interest cost Expected return on assets (252) (245) (316) Amortization of net prior service credit Amortization of net loss Settlement Net periodic benefit expense 
 The weighted average discount rate utilized for determining the benefit obligation at August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The plan assets of these foreign pension plans consist primarily of participating units in fixed income and equity securities and insurance contracts. The Company s overall expected long-term rate of return on these investments is . During fiscal 2025, the Company does not anticipate contributing to these pension plans. 
 Projected benefit payments to participants in the these f oreign plans are million for each of fiscal 2025, 2026, and 2027, million for each of fiscal 2028 and 2029 and million in aggregate for the five years thereafter. 
 Other Postretirement Health Benefit Plans 
 The Company provides other postretirement health benefits OPEB to certain existing and former employees of domestic businesses it acquired, who were entitled to such benefits prior to acquisition. These unfunded plans had a benefit o bligation of million and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These obligations are determined utilizing assumptions consistent with those used for our U.S. pension plans and a health care cost trend rate of , trending downward to by the year 2026, and remaining level thereafter. Net periodic benefit costs for other postretirement benefits was income of million in the year ended August 31, 2024, and million for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022. Benefit payments from the plan are funded through participant contributions and Company contributions. Benefit payments are projected to be million in fiscal 2025. 
 50 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 of their compensation to individual accounts within the 401(k) Plan. 
 While contributions vary, the Company's match contribution is for every contributed by employees, up to of the employees' eligible pay. These match contributions are made on every payroll run, meaning the contribution is immediately 100 vested. In addition, the Company may make an annual, discretionary contribution of up to of employees' eligible pay to employees employed as of the end of the plan year. The discretionary contrib ution has a -year vesting period. The Company elected not to provide a discretionary contribution for the year ended August 31, 2024. The Company also maintains a Restoration Plan that allows eligible highly compensated employees (as defined by the Internal Revenue Code) to receive a core contribution as if no IRS limits were in place. Compan y contributions to the Restoration Plan are made in the form of its Class A common stock and contributed into each eligible participant s deferred compensation plan. The Company has not contributed in fiscal 2024, 2023 or fiscal 2022. Expense recognized related to the 401(k) plan totaled million for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, and million for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 . 
 In addition to the 401(k) plan, the Company sponsors a non-qualified supplemental executive retirement plan the SERP Plan ). The SERP Plan is an unfunded defined contribution plan that covers certain current and former executive employees and has an annual contribution formula based on age and years of service (with Company contributions ranging from to of eligible wages). This unfunded plan had a million and million obli gation at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively . Expense recognized for the SERP Plan was million in fiscal 2024, and million in each of fiscal 2023 and 2022. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 million and million are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to reflect the unfunded portion of the deferred compensation liability. The Company recorded expense in "Financing costs, net" of million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for the non-funded return on participant deferrals. Company common stock contributions to fund the plan are held in a rabbi trust, accounted for in a man 
 
 Foreign 
 Both domestic and foreign pre-tax earnings from continuing operations are impacted by changes in operating earnings, acquisition and divestiture activities, restructuring charges and the related benefits, growth investments, debt levels and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In fiscal 2024, domestic earnings included non-cash impairment and other divestiture charges of million. In fiscal 2023, domestic earnings included non-cash impairment and other divestiture benefits of million. In fiscal 2022, domestic and foreign earnings included million and million of non-cash impairment and other divestiture charges, respectively. Substantially all of the non-cash impairment and other divestiture charges (benefits) did not result in a tax expense (benefit). 
 51 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Foreign State Deferred: Federal ) ) Foreign ) State ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings differs from the amounts computed by applying the federal income tax rate to earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense. 
 State income taxes, net of Federal effect Tax on foreign earnings (1) 
 Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Compensation adjustment Impairment and other divestiture charges Valuation allowance additions and releases ) ) Changes in liability for unrecognized tax benefits ) ) Repatriation of foreign earnings Taxable liquidation of subsidiaries (2) 
 ) Foreign non-deductible expenses Changes in tax rates ) ) Audits and adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Research and development tax credit ) ) ) Other items ) Effective income tax rate 
 (1) Th e Company generated million, million and million of withholding tax and U.S. tax on non-U.S. earnings, net of foreign tax credits for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) During fiscal 2022, the Company generated a net benefit of million as a result of taxable liquidations of subsidiaries. 
 (3) During fiscal 2024, the Company generated a million tax expense related to audits and adjustments as compared to a tax benefit of million and million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 52 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Compensation related liabilities Postretirement benefits Inventory Lease liabilities Research and development capitalization Book reserves and other items Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Lease assets ) ) Other items ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax asset (1) 
 
 (1) The net deferred income tax asset is reflected on the balance sheet in two categories: an asset of million and million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, is included in "Other long-term assets" and a liability of million and million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, is included in "Deferred income taxes". 
 The Company has million and million of gross state net operating loss and credit carryforwards, respectively, which are available to reduce future state tax liabilities. These state net operating loss carryforwards expire at various times through 2044. The Company also has million and million of foreign loss and credit carryforwards, respectively, and million of U.S. credit carryforwards, which are available to reduce certain future foreign and U.S. tax liabilities. The majority of the foreign loss carryforwards are not subject to any expiration dates, while the other balances expire at various times through 2034. The U.S. credit carryforwards expire at various times through 2034. The valuation allowance represents a reserve for deferred tax assets, including loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits, for which utilization is uncertain. 
 In general, the Company s practice is to reinvest the earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries within those operations. Routinely, the Company analyzes the factors surrounding global cash needs and future cash utilization and determines if there are any exceptions. As of August 31, 2024, certain jurisdictions met this exception. On the undistributed foreign earnings of million that are no longer permanently reinvested outside of the United States, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability of million. If all remaining undistributed earnings were remitted, an additional income tax provision of million would have been necessary as of August 31, 2024. 
 Increases based on tax positions related to the current year Increase for tax positions taken in a prior period Decrease for tax positions taken in a prior period ) ) Decrease due to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Decrease due to settlements ) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) Ending balance 
 Substantially all of these unreco gnized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate. As of August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized million, million and million, respectively, for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities in major tax jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal 2012. The 
 53 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 million throughout fiscal 2025. 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds, totaled million, million and million during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value, of which shares were issued and outstanding; shares of Class B common stock, par value, of which are outstanding; and shares of cumulative preferred stock, par value preferred stock ), of which have been issued. Holders of both classes of the Company s common stock are entitled to dividends, as the Company s Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available, subject to any contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions on the common stock. If the Company were to issue any of its preferred stock, no dividends could be paid or set apart on shares of common stock, unless paid in common stock, until dividends on all of the issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock had been paid or set apart for payment and provision had been made for any mandatory sinking fund payments. 
 The Company's Board of Directors approved four separate authorizations (September 2011, March 2014, October 2014 and March 2015) to repurchase up to shares each of the Company s outstanding common stock. The Company suspended the initial share repurchase program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. In March 2022, the Company's Board of Directors rescinded its prior share repurchase authorization and approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of a total of shares of the Company's outstanding common stock. The Company repurchased shares for million in the year ended August 31, 2024. As of August 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the program is shares. Since the inception of the initial share repurchase program in fiscal 2012, the Company has repurchased shares of common stock for million. 
 In December 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the retirement of the Company's repurchased shares, and the Company retired treasury shares. The initial share retirement resulted in reductions of million in Class A Common Stock and million in "Retained Earnings" reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at August 31, 2024. Shares repurchased after December 18, 2023 were retired upon repurchase. In addition to the initial share retirement, the Company repurchased and retired shares during the year-ended August 31, 2024. 
 54 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations ) ) Net earnings Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Net effect of dilutive securities - stock based compensation plans Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per common share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per common share from discontinued operations: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive securities- stock based compensation plans (excluded from earnings per share calculation) 
 
 shares of Class A common stock have been authorized for issuance under the Plan (including shares that were authorized for issuance at the January 2021 annual meeting) plus shares, if any, that become issuable, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, upon the expiration, cancellation or forfeiture of awards under our previously registered stock plans outstanding at the time the Plan was first approved by the Company's shareholders. At August 31, 2024, shares were available for future award grants. The Plan permits the Company to grant share-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock, restri cted stock units and performance shares (the "Performance Shares") to employees and directors. Options generally have a maximum term of , an exercise price equal to of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant and generally vest after three years and after five years. The Company s restricted stock grants prior to fiscal 2017 generally have similar vesting provisions as options, while grants thereafter generally vest in equal installments over a three-year period. The Performance Shares include a three -year performance period. For the awards of Performance Shares granted in the year end ed August 31, 2022 , payout under the awards is based on Company s total shareholder return TSR relative to the S P 600 SmallCap Industrial metric and on the Company's three-year average return on invested capital. For awards of Performance Shares granted in the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 , payout under the awards is based on the relative TSR metric, on the Company's adjusted earnings per share and on the Company's three-year average return on invested capital. The p rovisions of share-based awards may vary by individual grant with respect to vesting period, dividend and voting rights, performance conditions and forfeitures. 
 55 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding on August 31, 2024 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired ) Outstanding on August 31, 2024 Exercisable on August 31, 2024 
 Intrinsic value is the difference between the market value of the stock at August 31, 2024 and the exercise price which is aggregated for all options outstanding and exercisable. 
 Cash receipts from exercise of options 
 The Company generally records compensation expense over the vesting period for restricted stock unit awards based on the market value of the Company's Class A common stock on the grant dat e and utilized an expected forfeiture rate of for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The fair value of Performance Shares with market vesting conditions, which includes the Performance Shares awarded in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, is determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and Performance Shares, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fai million and million, respectively. 
 56 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 Service Rental Other Segment Operating Profit (Loss) IT S Segment Other Segment General Corporate ) ) ) 
 Depreciation and Amortization: IT S Segment Other Segment General Corporate Capital Expenditures: IT S Segment Other Segment General Corporate 
 
 August 31, 2024 2023 Assets: IT S Segment Other Segment General Corporate 
 In addition to the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the comparability of segment and product line information is impacted by acquisition/divestiture activities, impairment and divestiture charges, restructuring costs and related benefits. Corporate assets, which are not allocated, principally represent cash and cash equivalents, property, plant, and equipment, ROU assets, capitalized debt issuance costs and deferred income taxes. 
 57 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

 United Kingdom Germany Saudi Arabia Brazil Australia Canada China France All Other 
 August 31, 2024 2023 Property, Plant and Equipment, net: United States United Kingdom UAE Brazil Netherlands Spain All other 
 of sales in each of the last three fiscal years. Export sales from domestic operations were , and of total net sales from continuing operations in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 million and surety bonds of million at August 31, 2024, while we had million of outstanding letters of credit at August 31, 2023. Most of these instruments relate to commercial contracts and self-insured workers compensation programs. 
 As part of the Company's global sourcing strategy, we have entered into agreements with certain sup pliers that require the supplier to maintain minimum levels of inventory to support certain products for which we require a short lead time to fulfill customer orders. We have the ability to notify the supplier that they no longer need to maintain the minimum level of inventory should we discontinue manufacturing of a product during the contract period; however, we must purchase the remaining minimum inventory levels the supplier was required to maintain within a defined period of time. 
 The Company is a party to various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings include regulatory matters, product liability, breaches of contract, employment, personal injury and other disputes. The Company has recorded reserves for loss contingencies based on the specific circumstances of each case. Such reserves are recorded when it is probable a loss has been incurred and can be reasonably estimated. The Company maintains a policy to exclude from such reserves an estimate of legal defense costs. In the opinion of management, resolution of these contingencies is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The Company has facilities in numerous geographic locations that are subject to environmental laws and regulations. Environmental expenditures over the past three years have not been material. Soil and groundwater contamination has been identified at certain facilities that we operate or formerly owned or operated. We are also a party to certain state and local environmental matters, have provided environmental indemnifications for certain divested businesses and retain responsibility 
 58 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(Continued) 

, the Company completed the acquisition of DTA the Smart Move, S.A., a global leader in the industrial heavy loads transportation industry, designing and manufacturing mobile robotic solutions. The purchase price was an initial million payment plus potential earn-out to be paid at the end of year three that is tied to the achievement of certain financial objectives with a maximum total purchase price of million. The acquisition was funded with both cash on hand and borrowings from our existing credit facility. The Company has not completed the analysis of identifying and estimating the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired or the fair value of the earn-out obligation. We anticipate preparing a preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the end of our first quarter of fiscal 2025. The measurement period for the valuation of net assets acquired ends as soon as information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date becomes available, but not to exceed 12 months following the acquisition date. Adjustments in purchase price allocations may require a change in the amounts allocated to net assets acquired during the periods in which the adjustments are determined. 
 59 

) ) August 31, 2023 ) ) August 31, 2022 ) ) Valuation allowance Income taxes August 31, 2023 ) August 31, 2022 ) August 31, 2021 ) 
 60 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting, and reporting, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management has concluded that, as of August 31, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 61 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors; Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information about the Company s directors is incorporated by refe rence to the Proposal I: Election of Directors section of the Company s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 6, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement ). Information about the Company s Audit Committee, including the members of the committee, and the Company s Audit Committee financial experts, is incorporated by reference to the Proposal I: Election of Directors and Corporate Governance Matters sections of the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. Information with respect to the timeliness of filings by directors and executive officers of reports required under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by reference to the "Other Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" section of the 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. Information about the Company s executive officers required by this item is contained in the discussion entitled Executive Officers of the Registrant in Part I hereof. 
 The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its senior executive team, including its Chief Executive Officer, Interim Principal Financial Officer and Corporate Controller. The code of ethics is posted on the Company s website and is available free of charge at www.enerpactoolgroup.com. The Company intends to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding disclosure of amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of its code of ethics that apply to the Chief Executive Officer, Interim Principal Financial Officer or Corporate Controller by posting such information on the Company s website. 
 The Company has an insider trading policy addressing the purchase, sale and other disposition of the Company s securities by its officers, directors and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with U.S. federal insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. That policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this report. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Matters, Executive Compensation (other than the information appearing under the heading "Pay Versus Performance") and "Non-Employee Director Compensation" sections of the 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Certain Beneficial Owners and Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information sections of the 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Corporate Governance Matters Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions section of the 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Other Information Independent Public Accountants section of the 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement. 
 62 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a list of financial statements filed as part of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Index to Financial Statement Schedule set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Description Incorporated Herein By Reference To Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 2.1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and between Actuant Corporation, BRWS Parent LLC, Actuant France SAS and Actuant Holdings AB. Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2019 3.1 (a) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2001 (b) Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 3.1(b) of the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2003 (c) Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2004 (d) Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2006 (e) Amendment of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2010 (f) Amendment of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K/A filed on January 30, 2020 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2022 4.1 
 Description of Registered Securities Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 
 63 

Exhibit Description Incorporated Herein By Reference To Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 10.1 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022 among Enerpac Tool Group Corp., the initial subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2022 10.2 
 Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective July 23, 2021) Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 10.3 
 Deferred Compensation Plan (conformed through the fourth amendment) Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2014 10.4 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (conformed through the first amendment) Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 10.5 
 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated December 1, 2023) X 10.6 
 Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated November 9, 2020) Appendix A to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed by Enerpac Tool Group Corp. on December 4, 2020 10.7 
 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan, conformed through the Second Amendment thereto Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2013 10.8 (a) Amended and Restated 2001 Outside Directors Stock Plan 
 Exhibit A to the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement, dated December 5, 2005 (b) First Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2001 Outside Directors Stock Plan dated December 25, 2008 
 Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2008 10.9 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (conformed through the first amendment) Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2014 10.10 
 Senior Officer Severance Plan Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019 10.11 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2018 10.12 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2017 
 64 

Exhibit Description Incorporated Herein By Reference To Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 10.13 
 Executive Officer Bonus Plan Exhibit B to the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement dated December 3, 2012 10.14 (a) Form of NQSO Award (Director) under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1(a) to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014 (b) Form of NQSO Award (Officer) under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1(b) to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014 10.15 (a) Form RSA Award (Director) under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014 (b) Form of RSA Award (Officer) under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.2(b) to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014 10.16 (a) Form of RSU Award (Director) under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.3(a) to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014 (b) Form of RSU Award (Officer) under the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.3(b) to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2014 10.17 
 (a) Form RSA Award (Director) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 10.18 (a) Form of RSU Award (Director) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.15(a) to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 (b) Form of RSU Award (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.15(b) to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 c Form of RSU Award (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan for awards commencing in 2024) 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May31, 2024 10.19 (a) Form of PSU Award - Total Shareholder Return (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.16(a) to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 (b) Form of PSU Award - Free Cash Flow (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.16(b) to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018 
 65 

Exhibit Description Incorporated Herein By Reference To Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith (c) Form of PSU Award - Total Shareholder Return (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (for awards commencing in 2024) 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May31, 2024 d Form of PSU Award - Return on Invested Capital (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (for awards commencing in 2024) 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May31, 2024 e Form of PSU Award - Earnings Per Share (Officer) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (for awards commencing in 2024) 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May31, 2024 10.20 (a) Form of Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Special Executive Grant) 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2023 (b) Form of Performance Share Award agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Special Executive Grant) 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2023 10.21 
 Letter agreement dated September 22, 2021 between Paul E. Sternlieb and Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021 10.22 
 Letter agreement dated May 4, 2022 between Anthony P. Colucci and Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 10.23 
 Letter agreement dated January 19, 2022 between Benjamin J. Topercer and Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 10.24 
 Letter agreement dated June 17, 2024 between Eric T. Chack and Enerpac Tool Group Corp. X 14 
 Code of Ethics Applicable to Senior Financial Executives Exhibit 14 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017 19 
 Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Insider Trading Policy X 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant X 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 X 24 
 Power of Attorney See signature page of this report 
 66 

Exhibit Description Incorporated Herein By Reference To Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 
 Certification of Interim Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 
 Certification of Interim Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 97 
 Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy X 101 
 The following materials from the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibit 101) X 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 67 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ P. SHANNON BURNS P. Shannon Burns Interim Principal Financial Officer and Head of Financial Planning, Operations and Decision Support 
 Dated: October 21, 2024 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOWN ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul E. Sternlieb, P. Shannon Burns and James P. Denis, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all and any other regulatory authority, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 68 

Signature Title /s/ PAUL E. STERNLIEB President and Chief Executive Officer, Director Paul E. Sternlieb (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ ALFREDO ALTAVILLA Director Alfredo Altavilla /s/ JUDY ALTMAIER Director Judy Altmaier /s/ J. PALMER CLARKSON Director J. Palmer Clarkson /s/ DANNY L. CUNNINGHAM Director Danny L. Cunningham /s/ E. JAMES FERLAND Chairman of the Board of Directors E. James Ferland /s/ COLLEEN M. HEALY Director Colleen M. Healy /s/ RICHARD D. HOLDER Director Richard D. Holder /s/ LYNN C. MINELLA Director Lynn C. Minella /s/ SIDNEY S. SIMMONS Director Sidney S. Simmons /s/ P. SHANNON BURNS Interim Principal Financial Officer and Head of Financial Planning, Operations and Decision Support P. Shannon Burns (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ PATRICK J. DAWSON Interim Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller Patrick J. Dawson (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Each of the above signatures is affixed as of October 21, 2024. 
 69 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 exhibit105-2010employees.htm
 EX-10.5

exhibit105-2010employees 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 2010 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (As Amended and Restated effective December 1, 2023) 1. Purpose. Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (formerly known as Actuant Corporation), a Wisconsin corporation (the Company ), hereby adopts this 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated from time to time, the Plan ). The Plan constitutes a complete amendment, restatement and continuation of the Actuant Corporation 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which was adopted by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board of the Directors on October 9, 2009, was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders on January 12, 2010. This amended and restated Plan incorporates certain amendments previously adopted by the Board of Directors, as well as includes certain additional changes related to the eligibility of Plan participants, the length of Offering Periods under the Plan and the Purchase Price of Class A Common Shares (as such terms are hereinafter defined), which such changes automatically took effect upon adoption by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the Plan is to provide an opportunity for the employees of the Company and any designated subsidiaries to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock Class A Common Shares at a discount through voluntary automatic payroll deductions, thereby attracting, retaining and rewarding such persons and strengthening the mutuality of interest between such persons and the Company s shareholders. 2. Shares Subject to Plan. An aggregate of 400,000 Class A Common Shares (the Shares may be sold pursuant to the Plan. Such Shares may be authorized but unissued Class A Common Shares, treasury shares or Class A Common Shares purchased in the open market. 3. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by a committee (the Committee which shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Committee is authorized, subject to the provisions of the Plan, to establish such rules and regulations as it deems necessary for the proper administration of the Plan and to make such determinations and interpretations and to take such action in connection with the Plan and any benefits granted hereunder as it deems necessary or advisable. All determinations and interpretations made by the Committee shall be binding and conclusive on all participants and their legal representatives. No member of the Board of Directors, no member of the Committee and no employee of the Company shall be liable for any act or failure to act hereunder by any other member or employee or by any agent to whom duties in connection with the administration of this Plan have been delegated or, except in circumstances involving his or her bad faith, gross negligence or fraud, for any act or failure to act by the member or employee. 4. Eligibility. Only employees of the Company, and each qualified subsidiary of the Company that may be so designated by the Committee, shall be eligible to participate in the Plan, other than (except as otherwise provided in any Supplement to the Plan): (a) employees whose customary employment is 20 hours or less per week; and (b) employees whose customary employment is for not more than 5 months per year. Exhibit 10.5 

2 The Committee may authorize some or all of the employees described in subparagraphs (a) and (b) above to participate in the Plan to the extent permitted under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and applicable regulations. Furthermore, the purchase of Shares by persons subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act shall comply with the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3. In the cases of any such persons, this Plan and Shares issued to such persons shall be deemed to contain such additional conditions and restrictions as may be required by Rule 16b-3 to qualify for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to Plan transactions on behalf of such persons. For purposes of this Plan, the term employee means any individual in an employee- employer relationship with the Company or a qualified subsidiary of the Company. The term qualified subsidiary means any corporation or other entity in which a fifty percent (50 or greater interest is, at the time, directly or indirectly owned by the Company or by one or more subsidiaries and one or more subsidiaries which is designated for participation by the Committee. 5. Participation. An eligible employee may elect to participate in the Plan as of any Enrollment Date. Enrollment Dates shall occur on the first day of an Offering Period (as defined in paragraph 8); provided, however, that an otherwise eligible employee may not make an election to participate, or otherwise modify or terminate participation, in the Plan while such employee is in possession of material nonpublic information or otherwise subject to a trading blackout. Any such election shall be made by completing and forwarding an enrollment and payroll deduction authorization form (or by any other method determined by the Committee, including via electronic transmission) to the Human Resources Department in accordance with rules established by the Committee prior to such Enrollment Date, authorizing payroll deductions in such amount as the employee may request but in no event less than the minimum nor more than the maximum amount as the Committee shall determine. A participating employee may increase or decrease payroll deductions as of any subsequent Enrollment Date by completing and forwarding a revised payroll deduction authorization form (or by any other method determined by the Committee, including via electronic transmission) to the Human Resources Department in accordance with rules established by the Committee; provided, that changes in payroll deductions shall not be permitted to the extent that they would result in total payroll deductions below the minimum or above the maximum amount specified by the Committee. An eligible employee may not initiate, increase or decrease payroll deductions as of any date other than an Enrollment Date, except by withdrawing from the Plan as provided in paragraph 7. 6. Payroll Deduction Accounts. The Company shall establish a Payroll Deduction Account for each participating employee, and shall credit all payroll deductions made on behalf of each employee pursuant to paragraph 5 to his or her Payroll Deduction Account. No interest shall be credited to any Payroll Deduction Account. 7. Withdrawals. An employee may withdraw from an Offering Period at any time by completing and forwarding a written notice (or by any other method determined by the Committee, including via electronic transmission) to the Human Resources Department in accordance with rules established by the Committee. Upon receipt of such notice, payroll deductions on behalf of the employee shall be discontinued commencing with the immediately following payroll period. Amounts credited to the Payroll Deduction Account of any employee who withdraws shall remain in the account and be used to purchase Shares in accordance with paragraph 9 hereof, subject to the limitations in paragraph 8 hereof. 

3 8. Offering Periods. The Plan shall be implemented by consecutive Offering Periods with a new Offering Period commencing on the first day of each quarter, or on such other date as the Committee shall determine, and continuing thereafter to the last day of the respective quarter (or such applicable period chosen by the Committee) or until terminated in accordance with paragraph 17 hereof. For purposes of this Plan, the term quarter refers to any consecutive three- month period chosen by the Committee for purposes of establishing an Offering Period. The Committee shall have the power to change the commencement date and duration of Offering Periods (including the commencement dates thereof) with respect to future offerings, but in no event shall the Share Purchase Date (as defined below) be more than 27 months following the first day of the Offering Period. The trading day or days designated by the Committee following the end of each Offering Period prior to the termination of the Plan shall constitute the purchase dates (the Share Purchase Dates on which each employee for whom a Payroll Deduction Account has been maintained shall purchase the number of Shares determined under paragraph 9(a). Trading day shall mean a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not permit the exercise of any right to purchase Shares: (a) to an employee who, immediately after the right is granted, would own shares possessing 5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or any subsidiary; or (b) which would permit an employee s rights to purchase shares under this Plan, or under any other qualified employee stock purchase plan maintained by the Company or any subsidiary, to accrue at a rate in excess of 25,000 of the fair market value of such shares (determined at the time such rights are granted) for each calendar year in which the right is outstanding at any time. For purposes of subparagraph (a), the provisions of Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply in determining the stock ownership of an employee, and the shares which an employee may purchase under outstanding rights or options shall be treated as shares owned by the employee. 9. Purchase of Shares. (a) Subject to the limitations set forth in paragraphs 7 and 8, each employee participating in an offering shall have the right to purchase as many full and fractional Shares (to 3 decimal places) as may be purchased with the amounts credited to his or her Payroll Deduction Account as of the last day of the Offering Period immediately preceding the applicable Share Purchase Date (or such other date as the Committee shall determine) (the Cutoff Date ), but in no event shall the employee purchase more than 600 shares on such Share Purchase Date. Employees may purchase Shares only through payroll deductions, and cash contributions shall not be permitted. (b) The Purchase Price for Shares purchased under the Plan shall not be less than the lesser of an amount equal to 85 of the closing price of Class A Common Shares (i) at the beginning of the Offering Period or (ii) on the Share Purchase Date. The Purchase Price shall be determined from time to time by the Committee. For these purposes, the 

4 closing price shall be as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions list as reported in the Wall Street Journal, Midwest Edition. (c) On each Share Purchase Date, the amount credited to each participating employee s Payroll Deduction Account as of the immediately preceding Cutoff Date shall be applied to purchase as many full and fractional Shares (to 3 decimal places) as may be purchased with such amount at the applicable Purchase Price. Any amount remaining in an employee s Payroll Deduction Account as of the relevant Share Purchase Date in excess of the amount that may properly be applied to the purchase of Shares as a result of the application of the limitations set forth in paragraph 8 hereof shall be refunded to the employee as soon as practicable. 10. Brokerage Accounts or Plan Share Accounts. By enrolling in the Plan, each participating employee shall be deemed to have authorized the establishment of a brokerage account on his or her behalf at a securities brokerage firm selected by the Committee. Alternatively, the Committee may provide for Plan share accounts for each participating employee to be established by the Company or by an outside entity selected by the Committee which is not a brokerage firm. Shares purchased by an employee pursuant to the Plan shall be held in the employee s brokerage or Plan share account Plan Share Account in his or her name or in the employee s name jointly with a member of the employee s family or other beneficiary, with right of survivorship. An employee who is a resident of a jurisdiction which does not recognize such a joint tenancy may request that such Shares be held in his or her name as tenant in common with a member of the employee s family or other beneficiary, without right of survivorship. Brokerage expenses relating to the sale of Shares from the participating employee s Plan Share Account shall be the sole responsibility of the employee. 11. Rights as Shareholder. An employee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to Shares subject to any rights granted under this Plan until payment for such Shares has been completed at the close of business on the relevant Share Purchase Date. 12. Certificates. Certificates for Shares purchased under the Plan will not be issued automatically. However, certificates for whole Shares purchased shall be issued as soon as practicable following an employee s written request. The Company may make a reasonable charge for the issuance of such certificates. Fractional interests in Shares shall be carried forward in an employee s Plan Share Account until they equal one whole Share or until the termination of the employee s participation in the Plan, in which event an amount in cash equal to the value of such fractional interest shall be paid to the employee in cash. 13. Termination of Employment. If a participating employee s employment is terminated for any reason, including death, or if an employee otherwise ceases to be eligible to participate in the Plan, payroll deductions on behalf of the employee shall be discontinued and any amounts then credited to the employee s Payroll Deduction Account shall be distributed to the employee (or the employee s beneficiary) as soon as practicable. 14. Rights Not Transferable. Rights granted under this Plan are not transferable by a participating employee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and are exercisable during an employee s lifetime only by the employee. 

5 15. Employment Rights. Neither participation in the Plan, nor the exercise of any right granted under the Plan, shall be made a condition of employment or of continued employment with the Company or any subsidiary. Participation in the Plan does not limit the right of the Company or any subsidiary to terminate a participating employee s employment at any time or give any right to an employee to remain employed by the Company or any subsidiary in any particular position or at any particular rate of remuneration. 16. Application of Funds. All funds received by the Company for Shares sold by the Company on any Share Purchase Date pursuant to this Plan may be used for any corporate purpose. 17. Amendments and Termination. The Board of Directors may amend the Plan at any time, provided that no such amendment shall be effective unless approved within 12 months after the date of the adoption of such amendment by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding Class A Common Shares entitled to a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding Class A Common Shares entitled to vote if such shareholder approval is required for the Plan to continue to comply with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code and other applicable regulatory rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, or an officer or officers of the Company designated by the Company or the Committee, may amend the Plan from time to time to reflect the extension of the Plan to groups of employees described in subparagraphs (a) through (b) of paragraph 4 above who have been authorized by the Committee in accordance with such paragraph to participate in the Plan. The Board of Directors may suspend the Plan or discontinue the Plan at any time. Upon termination of the Plan, all payroll deductions shall cease and all amounts then credited to the participating employees Payroll Deduction Accounts shall be equitably applied to the purchase of full and fractional Shares (to 3 decimal places) then available for sale, and any remaining amounts shall be promptly refunded to the participating employees. 18. Applicable Laws. This Plan, and all rights granted hereunder, are intended to meet the requirements of an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code and applicable regulations, as amended from time to time, and the Plan shall be construed and interpreted to accomplish this intent. Sales of Shares under the Plan are subject to, and shall be accomplished only in accordance with, the requirements of all applicable securities and other laws, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed. The laws of the United States shall be controlling in all matters relating to the Plan. To the extent not superseded by the laws of the United States, the laws of Wisconsin shall be controlling in all matters relating to the Plan. All actions arising under or relating to this Plan shall be brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. 19. Expenses. Except to the extent provided in paragraph 12, all expenses of administering the Plan, including expenses incurred in connection with the purchase of Shares for sale to participating employees, shall be borne by the Company and its subsidiaries. 20. Shareholder Approval. The Plan was originally adopted by the Board of Directors on October 9, 2009, subject to shareholder approval. The Plan and any action taken hereunder shall be null and void if shareholder approval is not obtained within the 12 months before or after 

6 the date the Board of Directors adopts this Plan. Shareholder approval of the Plan was obtained on January 12, 2010. 21. Dividends. Any cash dividends paid with respect to Shares credited to a participating employee s Plan Share Account shall be automatically reinvested in additional Shares and held in the participating employee s Plan Share Account, unless the participating employee elects to have such dividends immediately paid to the participating employee in cash in accordance with such rules and procedures as the Company s Human Resources Department may establish. Shares purchased through reinvestment of dividends in accordance with this paragraph 21 shall be purchased at the prevailing market price in accordance with such rules and procedures as the Committee may establish; no discount shall be available for Shares purchased through reinvestment of dividends. Any rights to purchase additional Shares issued with respect to Shares credited to a participating employee s Plan Share Account shall be sold for cash at the prevailing market price in accordance with such rules and procedures as the Committee may establish, and the proceeds shall be automatically reinvested in additional Shares and held in the participating employee s Plan Share Account. 

A-1 SUPPLEMENT A Provisions Relating to the Application of the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as Amended and Restated effective December 1, 2023) to Employees in the Netherlands 1. Purpose. Pursuant to paragraph 4 of the Plan, the Committee may authorize certain employees described in subparagraphs 4(a)-(b) of the Plan to participate in the Plan. The purpose of this Supplement A is to extend participation in the Plan to employees of the Company described in paragraph 3 below. The provisions of this Supplement A apply only to such employees and shall supersede the provisions of the Plan (except such Plan provisions as impose conditions or limitations required by the applicable laws described in paragraph 18) to the extent necessary to eliminate any inconsistency between the Plan and this Supplement A and to comply with Netherlands laws and regulatory requirements. Each offering made under this Supplement A shall constitute a separate offering for purposes of Section 423 of the Code and applicable regulations. Terms used in this Supplement A shall, unless defined in this Supplement A or otherwise noted, have the meanings given to those terms elsewhere in the Plan. 2. Eligibility. Employees who work in the Netherlands for a qualified subsidiary based in the Netherlands, and who otherwise satisfy the requirements of paragraph 4 of the Plan (the Netherlands Employees shall become participating employees in the Plan. In addition, notwithstanding subparagraphs 4(a) and (b) of the Plan, part-time Netherlands Employees and temporary Netherlands Employees shall be eligible to participate in the Plan in accordance with the previous sentence. 3. Participation. Notwithstanding paragraph 5 of the Plan, Netherlands Employees may elect to participate in the Plan as of any Enrollment Date or the date on which the Netherlands Employees satisfy the eligibility requirements of paragraph 3 above. 4. Privacy. The transmission of any personal information that results from the Netherlands Employees participation in the Plan shall conform to all applicable data privacy rules. A copy of the applicable privacy notice can be obtained from the Privacy Policy. 5. Purchase of Shares. For purposes of purchasing Shares in accordance with paragraphs 9 and 10 of the Plan, the Treasury Department of the Company, or its designee in the Netherlands, shall set the foreign exchange rate used to convert a Netherlands Employee s payroll deductions from Euro to United States (US) dollars before such payroll deductions are credited to the Netherlands Employee s Payroll Deduction Account. However, the securities brokerage firm or other entity responsible for administering the Netherlands Employees Plan Share Accounts shall set the foreign exchange rate used for purposes of the sale or distribution of Shares and dividends pursuant to paragraphs 13 and 21, respectively. 6. Dividends and Withholding. Notwithstanding paragraph 21 or any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, dividends are treated as US source income to Netherlands 

A-2 Employees. To the extent required, the Company will deduct the appropriate US withholding tax from any dividend payment. Netherlands Employees will receive annual statements of taxes withheld by the Company through the securities brokerage firm or other entity responsible for administering the Netherlands Employees Plan Share Accounts. Local tax legislation may allow full or partial tax credit for the US withholding tax. Amounts may be withheld from Netherlands Employees remuneration from the Company or from any proceeds from the sale of Shares under this Plan to the extent necessary to comply with any country s withholding requirements. 7. Committee s Actions. The Committee shall take such actions as it deems necessary or desirable to provide for the participation of Netherlands Employees in the Plan as described in this Supplement A. 

B-1 SUPPLEMENT B Provisions Relating to the Application of the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as Amended and Restated effective December 1, 2023) to Employees in Germany 1. Purpose. Pursuant to paragraph 4 of the Plan, the Committee may authorize certain employees described in subparagraphs 4(a)-(b) of the Plan to participate in the Plan. The purpose of this Supplement B is to extend participation in the Plan to employees of the Company described in paragraph 3 below. The provisions of this Supplement B apply only to such employees and shall supersede the provisions of the Plan (except such Plan provisions as impose conditions or limitations required by the applicable laws described in paragraph 18) to the extent necessary to eliminate any inconsistency between the Plan and this Supplement B. The Plan as it applies to Employees who work for the Company in Germany shall be subject to United States (US) law only, to the extent not required to comply with German laws and regulatory requirements, and any disputes or claims arising out of the Plan shall be within the sole jurisdiction of the applicable US court. Terms used in this Supplement B shall, unless defined in this Supplement B or otherwise noted, have the meanings given to those terms elsewhere in the Plan. 2. Eligibility. In addition, notwithstanding subparagraphs 4(a) and (b) of the Plan, part-time German Employees and temporary German Employees (i.e., German Employees on a fixed-term employment contract) shall be eligible to participate in the Plan in accordance with the previous sentence. 3. Participation. Notwithstanding paragraph 5 of the Plan, German Eligible Employees may elect to participate in the Plan as of any Enrollment Date or the date on which the German Eligible Employees satisfy the eligibility requirements of paragraph 3 above. German Eligible Employees are responsible for obtaining legal and tax advice before participation in the Plan, in particular by participating in the Plan, German Eligible Employees acknowledge and declare that they have not been advised by the Company, the local employer of the German Eligible Employees or the Board of the Directors, its employees or consultants with respect to the Plan and the legal and tax aspects involved. 4. Privacy. The transmission of any personal information that results from the German Eligible Employees participation in the Plan shall conform to all applicable data privacy rules. A copy of the applicable privacy notice can be obtained from the Privacy Policy. 5. Purchase of Shares. For purposes of purchasing Shares in accordance with paragraphs 9 and 10 of the Plan, the Treasury Department of the Company, or its designee in Germany, shall set the foreign exchange rate used to convert a German Eligible Employee s payroll deductions from Euro to US dollars before such payroll deductions are credited to the German Eligible Employee s Payroll Deduction Account. However, the securities brokerage firm or other entity responsible for administering the German Eligible Employees Plan Share Accounts shall set the foreign exchange rate used for purposes of 

B-2 the sale or distribution of Shares and dividends pursuant to paragraphs 13 and 21, respectively. 6. Dividends and Withholding. Notwithstanding paragraph 21 or any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, dividends are treated as US source income to German Eligible Employees. To the extent required, the Company will deduct the appropriate US withholding tax from any dividend payment. German Eligible Employees will receive annual statements of taxes withheld by the Company through the securities brokerage firm or other entity responsible for administering the German Eligible Employees Plan Share Accounts. Local tax legislation may allow full or partial tax credit for the US withholding tax. Amounts may be withheld by the Company and/or the local employer of the German Eligible Employees (a) from German Eligible Employees remuneration from the Company and/or the local employer of the German Eligible Employees or (b) from any proceeds from the sale of Shares under this Plan to the extent necessary to comply with any country s withholding requirements (including, but not limited to, wage taxes (Lohnsteuer), solidarity surcharges (Solidarit tszuschl ge), church taxes (Kirchensteuer) and social security contributions (Sozialversicherungsabgaben). The Company and the local employer of the German Eligible Employees make no promises or warranties regarding the existence or non-existence of any liability regarding taxes. The Company and the local employer of the German Eligible Employees shall be entitled to pay taxes and social security contributions which are to be withheld and remitted by the Company and/or the local employer of the German Eligible Employees to the competent tax authority, the social security collection office or any other competent authority according to applicable law. 7. Committee s Actions. The Committee shall take such actions as it deems necessary or desirable to provide for the participation of German Eligible Employees in the Plan as described in this Supplement B. 

C-1 SUPPLEMENT C Provisions Relating to the Application of the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as Amended and Restated effective December 1, 2023) to Employees in the United Kingdom of Great Britain 1. Purpose. Pursuant to paragraph 4 of the Plan, the Committee may authorize certain employees described in subparagraphs 4(a)-(b) of the Plan to participate in the Plan. The purpose of this Supplement C is to extend participation in the Plan to employees of the Company described in paragraph 3 below. The provisions of this Supplement C apply only to such employees and shall supersede the provisions of the Plan (except such Plan provisions as impose conditions or limitations required by the applicable laws described in paragraph 18) to the extent necessary to eliminate any inconsistency between the Plan and this Supplement C and to comply with English law and regulatory requirements. Each offering made under this Supplement C shall constitute a separate offering for purposes of Section 423 of the Code and applicable regulations. Terms used in this Supplement C shall, unless defined in this Supplement C or otherwise noted, have the meanings given to those terms elsewhere in the Plan. 2. Eligibility. Employees who work in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland UK for a subsidiary based in the UK, and who otherwise satisfy the requirements of paragraph 4 of the Plan (the UK Employees ), shall become participating employees in the Plan. In addition, notwithstanding subparagraphs 4(a) and (b) of the Plan, part-time UK Employees and temporary UK Employees shall be eligible to participate in the Plan in accordance with the previous sentence. 3. Participation. Notwithstanding paragraph 5 of the Plan, UK Employees may elect to participate in the Plan as of any Enrollment Date on or after the date on which the UK Employees satisfy the eligibility requirements of paragraph 3 above. 4. Privacy. The transmission of any personal information that results from the UK Employees participation in the Plan shall conform to all applicable data privacy rules. A copy of the applicable privacy notice can be obtained from the Privacy Policy. 5. Purchase of Shares. For purposes of purchasing Shares in accordance with paragraphs 9 and 10 of the Plan, the Treasury Department of the Company, or its designee in the UK, shall set the foreign exchange rate used to convert a UK Employee s payroll deductions from Pounds Sterling to United States US dollars before such payroll deductions are credited to the UK Employee s Payroll Deduction Account. However, the securities brokerage firm or other entity responsible for administering the UK Employees Plan Share Accounts shall set the foreign exchange rate used for purposes of the sale or distribution of Shares and dividends pursuant to paragraphs 13 and 21, respectively. 6. Dividends and Withholding. Notwithstanding paragraph 21 or any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, dividends are treated as US source income to UK Employees. The Company will deduct the appropriate US withholding tax from any dividend payment. 

C-2 UK Employees will receive annual statements of taxes withheld by the Company through the securities brokerage firm or other entity responsible for administering the UK Employees Plan Share Accounts. Local tax legislation may allow full or partial tax credit for the US withholding tax. Amounts may be withheld from UK Employees remuneration from the Company or from any proceeds from the sale of Shares under this Plan to the extent necessary to comply with any country s withholding requirements. 7. Committee s Actions. The Committee shall take such actions as it deems necessary or desirable to provide for the participation of UK Employees in the Plan as described in this Supplement C. 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 exhibit1024-letteragreem.htm
 EX-10.24

exhibit1024-letteragreem 

June 13, 2024 Mr. Eric Chack Dear Mr. Chack: Offer and Position We are very pleased to extend an offer of employment to you for the position of Executive Vice President - Operations (EVP-Ops) for Enerpac Tool Group Corp., a Wisconsin corporation (the Company ). This offer of employment is conditioned upon your satisfactory completion of certain requirements, as more fully explained in this letter. Your employment is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this letter. Duties In your capacity as EVP-Ops, you will be responsible for Enerpac's integrated supply chain, including oversight for manufacturing, procurement, logistics, continuous improvement for operations, quality, and reliability at all Enerpac's global manufacturing sites and distribution centers across the U.S, Europe, Asia, and Latin America. A key objective for the role will be to review the current state, develop a clear and aligned strategy, and execute the strategy, while ensuring the appropriate operations structure and talent is in place. In addition, you will lead complexity reduction, lean implementation, and 80/20 programs across the business to drive overall improvements in safety, quality, delivery, inventory, and productivity, while also improving processes to support key growth initiatives. This role is the most senior Operations executive at the company and is directly responsible for the full range of activities across the plan, source, make, deliver lifecycle. As such, you will establish the strategies, best practices, and tools that create a world-class supply chain and lean manufacturing organization. You will report directly to Paul Sternlieb, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer CEO and you will be a member of the Company's Executive Leadership Team (ELT). This position will play a key role in assessing strategic priorities as well as developing and implementing the company's strategic growth plan. From a functional perspective, you will be responsible for leading all aspects of the operations function, ensuring compliance with the standards required of Enerpac. You will display the presence to be effective with the Board and external stakeholders, and maintain the highest levels of integrity, interpersonal teaming skills, and collaboration. Ultimately, you will be responsible for driving sustained competitive Exhibit 10.24 

advantage through functional excellence, manufacturing effectiveness, and supply chain efficiency. You agree to devote your full business time, attention, and best efforts to the performance of your duties and to the furtherance of the Company's interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this letter shall preclude you from devoting reasonable periods of time to charitable and community activities, managing personal investment assets, and, with the prior approval of the Board, serving on other boards of directors. Start Date Subject to satisfaction of all the conditions described in this letter, your anticipated start date is July 22, 2024 Start Date ). Base Salary In consideration of your services, you will be paid a base salary at a rate of 450,000 per year, subject to review annually, payable in accordance with the standard payroll practices of the Company and subject to all withholdings and deductions as required by law. Annual Bonus You will participate in the fiscal 2024 bonus program and will have an opportunity to earn a cash bonus (prorated from your Start Date through the end of fiscal year 2024) based on the achievement of the performance objectives established by the Board for our senior executive team members. For fiscal 2024, your annual target cash bonus will be 55 of your base salary. The final award will be subject to Board approval. Equity Grants (LTI) You will be granted an initial equity award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs with a grant date fair value of 245,000. These RSUs will be granted on the 15th of the month following next quarter end (September 15, 2024). The Restricted Stock Units will have a two (2) year cliff vest subject to continued employment. Your typical annual equity award will have an aggregate grant date fair value of 300,000 and will take the form of 50 RSUs and 50 Performance Shares. The Performance Shares and RSUs are generally granted in or around October, consistent with the Company's normal schedule for equity award grants to senior executive officers. Each equity grant will be priced based on the closing market price of the Company's stock on that award's grant date and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Enerpac Tool 

Group Corp. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on November 9, 2020) and the specific award agreement for the grant. Future Compensation Adjustments for each full year of employment beginning in fiscal 2025 (prorated), your salary, target bonus, and grant date fair value of any equity award will be determined by the CEO and the Board in their discretion. Your next availability for a base salary merit increase will be January 2025, which will be pro-rated based on your start date. Signing Bonus You will be paid a signing bonus of 180,000 within 60 days of your start date to keep you whole from your walkway bonus at your current employer as well as any out-of-pocket relocation expenses. Should you voluntarily terminate (except for Good Reason as defined in the Company's current Senior Officer Severance Plan (the Senior Officer Severance Plan ), Article 1- Definitions) your employment with the Company prior to the four-year anniversary of the Payment Date, you agree to repay the signing bonus per the following table: Length of Service Repayment Percentage Less than 1 year 100 Greater than 1 year but less than 2 years 75 Greater than 2 years but less than 3 years 50 Greater than 3 years but less than 4 years 25 If you are obligated to repay the signing bonus, you agree to do so within 30 days following your termination. You hereby authorize the Company to immediately offset against and reduce any amounts otherwise due to you upon termination for any amounts in respect of your obligation to repay the signing bonus. Any disputes related to this provision shall be resolved subject to Article V, Claims and Appeals Procedure in the Senior Officer Severance Plan. Executive Car Allowance Enerpac's executive car program entitles you to a monthly vehicle allowance of 1,350 per month. The allowance will be paid via payroll and will be subject to standard deductions. Benefits and Perquisites You will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans and programs generally available to the Company's senior executives, including group medical, dental, vision and life insurance, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans and programs. You will be entitled 

to paid vacation (20 days per calendar year, initially) in accordance with the Company's policies s in effect from time to time. You will also be entitled to the fringe benefits and perquisites available to other senior executive officers of the Company, each in accordance with and subject to the eligibility and other provisions of such plans and programs. The Company reserves the right to amend, modify, or terminate any of its benefit plans or programs at any time and for any reason. Change in Control Agreement and Severance Plan Effective on commencement of your employment you will be entitled to a Change in Control Agreement, similar in form to those in place for the Company's other executive officers. Additionally, you will be entitled to participate in the Company's Senior Officer Severance Plan. Withholding All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings. Stock Ownership Requirements As an EVP of the Company, you will be required to comply with the Company's stock ownership requirements applicable to executive officers, which require the EVP to maintain stock ownership equal in value to at least three times base salary within five years of the Start Date. At-will Employment Your employment with the Company will be for no specific period of time. Rather, your employment will be at-will, meaning that you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice and for any reason or no particular reason. Although your compensation and benefits may change from time to time, the at-w ill nature of your employment may only be changed by an express written agreement signed by an authorized officer of the Company. Claw Back Any amounts payable hereunder are addressed in and, to the extent legally permitted, subject to the Enerpac Tool Group Executive Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy (as it may be amended from time to time). The Company will make any determination for claw back or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with such policy and any applicable law or regulation. Governing Law 

This offer letter shall be governed by the laws of Wisconsin, without regard to any state's conflict of law principles. Contingent Offer This offer is contingent upon: a) verification of your right to work in the United States, as demonstrated by your completion of an 1- 9 form upon hire and your submission of acceptable documentation (as noted on the 1-9 form) verifying your identity and work authorization within three days of your Start Date, and b) completion of your background check and drug screening with results satisfactory to the Company. Moreover, in accordance with Enerpac's Bylaws, the Talent Development Compensation Committee's Charter, and the relevant and applicable plan documents, your total compensation package including the initial equity grant is subject to Talent Development Compensation Committee approval, and your appointment as an Executive Vice President is subject to Board approval. We will seek these approvals immediately upon your acceptance of the role, but we do not anticipate any issues. Representations By accepting this offer, you represent that you are able to accept this job and carry out the work that it would involve without breaching any legal restrictions on your activities, such as non -competition, non-solicitation, or other work-related restrictions imposed by a current or former employer. You also represent that you will inform the Company about any such restrictions and provide the Company with as much information about them as possible, including any agreements between you and your current or former employer describing such restrictions on your activities. You further confirm that you will not remove or take any documents or proprietary data or materials of any kind, electronic or otherwise, with you from your current or any former employer to the Company without written authorization from your current or a former employer, nor will you use or disclose any such confidential information during the course and scope of your employment with the Company. If you have any questions about the ownership of documents or other information, you should discuss such questions with your former employer before removing or copying the documents or information. Your employment is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this letter, as well as final approval by the Board of Directors. If you have any questions about the above details, please contact me. If the foregoing is acceptable, please sign below and return this letter to me. This offer is open for you to accept until June 20, 2024, at which time it will be deemed to be withdrawn. 

Yours sincerely, ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. By __/s/ Ben Topercer__________________ Ben Topercer, EVP CHRO Acceptance of Offer I have read, understood, and accept all the terms of the offer of employment as set forth in the foregoing letter. I have not relied on any agreements or representations, express or implied, that are not set forth expressly in the foregoing letter, and this letter supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties (including the Senior Officer Severance Plan to the extent inconsistent with this letter), both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter of this letter. By __/s/ Eric Chack_______________________ Date:_June 17, 2024______________ Eric Chack 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-19>
 4
 exhibit19-enerpactoolgro.htm
 EX-19

exhibit19-enerpactoolgro 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. Policy regarding Insider Trading and Dissemination of Inside Information ENERPAC TOOL GROUP - GLOBAL Page 1 of 6 1.0 Purpose The purpose of this statement of policy is to ensure that employees of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and its subsidiaries Enerpac or the Company are familiar with its policy regarding: the trading of securities while aware of Inside Information insider trading about the Company or any other company; and other misuse of material non-public information Inside Information of the Company or any other company. This policy supplements Enerpac s Code of Conduct with respect to confidential corporate information as well as any confidentiality agreement between you and the Company. This policy provides an overview of the most significant aspects involved in insider trading. Employees obligations and potential liability under securities laws dealing with insider trading abuses are also outlined in this policy. 2.0 Scope This policy applies to all directors, officers and employees (and their family members as set forth in Section 3.3 below) of the Company globally. For purposes of this policy, employee means each full-time, part-time and temporary employee of the Company and each consultant and independent contractor regularly providing services to the Company. This policy applies to transactions (including gifts) in any of the Company s securities, including the Corporation s common stock, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units or any other type of security that the Company may issue, including, but not limited to, preferred stock, convertible debt and warrants. 3.0 Policy 3.1 Summary Statement of Policy It is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or employee shall: buy, sell or otherwise transact in securities of the Company (including gifts) while in possession of Inside Information, other than pursuant to an approved Rule 10b5-1 Plan (see Section 3.5, below); engage in any other action or conduct to take advantage of, or disclose to others, Inside Information; or assist anyone engaged in the above activities in contravention of this policy. The Company also prohibits using Inside Information concerning any other company obtained in the course of your employment or association with the Company to buy, sell or otherwise transact in securities of such company or engage in any other action or conduct to take advantage of, or pass on to others, such Inside Information. Inside Information is strictly confidential and its dissemination to outsiders other than when authorized by the designated officers of the Company is prohibited. The dissemination of information includes the disclosure through written, oral, electronic or other means to all persons or entities, including friends, family members, business contacts or others. The Company s policy prohibits any unauthorized communication of Inside Information to others even when there is no intent or expectation that anyone will profit or otherwise benefit from such information. Exhibit 19 

Insider Trading and Dissemination of Inside Information ENERPAC TOOL GROUP - GLOBAL Page 2 of 6 Even the appearance of improper conduct must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to high ethical standards of conduct. Accordingly, conduct that merely suggests the possibility of insider trading may be deemed by the Company in its sole discretion to be a violation of this policy. 3.2 Federal Law Prohibiting Insider Trading The courts have determined that trading by an Insider (as defined in Section 3.3, below) of any securities (debt or equity) of a company while aware of Inside Information about such company is prohibited, other than transactions pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 Plans (see Section 3.5, below). Liability under the securities laws can apply to trading in the Company s securities or the securities of any other company if one is in possession of Inside Information about the company whose securities are traded. Also, the prohibition against Insider Trading applies to the Company s officers, directors and employees at all times regardless of whether the Company is observing a scheduled or special blackout period. Liability under the securities laws may attach not only to Insiders who trade while aware of Inside Information, but also, under certain circumstances, to (i) Insiders who disclose or tip Inside Information to third parties tippers without trading themselves, and (ii) third parties (such as relatives, business associates or friends) who have received Inside Information from Insiders tippees and trade while in possession of that Inside Information. 3.3 Who Is an Insider for Purposes of the Insider Trading Prohibition? An Insider for purposes of insider trading law is any person who becomes aware of Inside Information; the status results from such awareness and not simply a person s position, if any, with the Company. Accordingly, Insiders subject to liability for insider trading are not solely those directors and officers who are required to report their securities transactions involving Enerpac common stock under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and who are also often referred to as insiders for purposes of that law. The category of potential Insiders for purposes of insider trading law includes not only the Company s directors, officers and employees, but also outside professional advisors and business consultants who have access to Inside Information from the Company prior to its public release and absorption by the securities markets. The Company s policy on insider trading also applies to your family members and others living in your household. The term family member means your spouse, partner, financially dependent children, relative, or other members of your immediate household to whose support you contribute or whose investments you control. Accordingly, you are expected to be responsible for the compliance of your immediate family and personal household. 3.4 What is Material Non-Public Information? Material Information is any information that a reasonable investor would consider important in arriving at a decision to buy, sell or hold the stock of a company and/or would view its disclosure as significantly altering the total mix of information otherwise made available. Non-Public Information is information with respect to a company that is not generally known to the public. Examples. Examples of non-public information that might be regarded as material and thus Inside Information includes: financial information such as revenues, expenses, earnings, new sales or investment returns; 

Insider Trading and Dissemination of Inside Information ENERPAC TOOL GROUP - GLOBAL Page 3 of 6 information about a transaction that will affect the financial condition or performance of the Company; a pending or proposed merger, acquisition or tender offer; sales of assets or the disposition of a subsidiary; earnings estimates; significant changes in previously announced earnings or earnings estimates; a stock split or the offering of additional securities; significant litigation, whether as a plaintiff or defendant; changes in senior management or the company s auditors; and the introduction of new products or services; entering into a significant contract; and the gain or loss of a substantial client. 3.5 Rule 10b5-1 Plans Under this policy, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan is a written plan for one or more transactions (buying or selling) in the Company s securities that is entered into and applied in good faith and satisfies the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and is acknowledged and approved by the Company s General Counsel or his or her designee at the time of its adoption. The SEC adopted Rule 10b5-1(c) to permit individuals, when they are not aware of Inside Information, to adopt plans for future trading in securities even though the transactions may later occur at times when they might be aware of Inside Information. A Rule 10b5-1 Plan cannot be adopted during a quarterly Blackout Period or when the person entering into the plan is aware of Inside Information, and the first trade made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan may not occur until after the cooling-off period following the date of adoption of the plan has expired, as set forth in Rule 10b5-1(c). For directors and officers, the cooling-off period expires at the later of (a) 90 days after the adoption of the Rule 10b5-1 Plan or (b) two business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the completed fiscal quarter in which the Rule 10b5-1 Plan was adopted that discloses the Company s financial results (but, in any event, this required cooling-off period is subject to a maximum of 120 days after adoption of the Rule 10b5-1 Plan). For all other persons subject to this Policy, the cooling-off period expires 30 days after the adoption of the Rule 10b5-1 Plan. The Rule 10b5-1 Plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party and once the Rule 10b5-1 Plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. Further, no person subject to this policy may enter into or maintain more than one simultaneous Rule 10b5-1 Plan, except that a person may, in addition to one Rule 10b5-1 Plan to purchase or sell Company securities on the open market, enter into or maintain a Rule 10b5-1 Plan that provides only for eligible sell-to-cover transactions solely to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations arising exclusively from the vesting of compensatory awards, such as restricted stock units, and the person does not otherwise exercise control over the timing of such sales (an Eligible Sell-to- Cover Plan ). Additionally, no person subject to this policy may enter into more than one Rule 10b5-1 Plan in a 12-month period designed to effect a single open-market purchase or sale of all the securities covered by such plan (other than an Eligible Sell-to-Cover Plan). You should discuss with the Company s General Counsel or his or her designee any intention to establish a Rule 10b5-1 Plan prior to adopting such a plan, as well as any intention to amend or terminate an established Rule 10b5-1 Plan prior to taking any such action. Please complete the Permission to Trade form (available on the HUB under Policies or by contacting the Legal Compliance department) and submit it, along with a copy of the proposed Rule 10b5-1 Plan, to ETGStockPlan@enerpac.com at least [5] days prior to the proposed adoption date of the plan. 

Insider Trading and Dissemination of Inside Information ENERPAC TOOL GROUP - GLOBAL Page 4 of 6 The Company is required to disclose in its reports to the SEC certain information regarding the adoption, modification or termination of Rule 10b5-1 Plans by its directors and executive officers. 3.6 Trading Restrictions Insiders are permitted to trade the Company s securities only after one full business day has elapsed after all Insider Information has been widely disseminated. Inside Information generally would be considered widely disseminated if it has been disclosed through a financial or general news service such as Dow Jones broad tape, a broadcast on a national television news service, a widely-available pre-announced webcast, publication in a widely-available newspaper, magazine or news website, a pre-announced quarterly earnings release or public disclosure documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that are available on the SEC s website. Once information is widely disseminated, it is still necessary to afford the investing public sufficient time to absorb the information. As noted above, Inside Information is considered nonpublic until one full business day has elapsed from the day the information has been widely disseminated. Short sales of the Company s securities (i.e., the sale of a security that the seller does not own) is prohibited. In hindsight, such sales are likely to appear to have resulted from possession of Inside Information. The Company s policy likewise prohibits other speculative trading of the Company s securities, including writing or trading options, warrants, puts and calls on the Company s securities, as well as frequent trading, all of which could give the appearance, in hindsight, that such actions were based on Inside Information. Securities held in a margin account or pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold without your consent by the broker if you fail to meet a margin call or by the lender in foreclosure if you default on the loan. Because a margin or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when you are aware of Inside Information or otherwise are not permitted to trade in securities, all Access Persons (as defined below) are prohibited from holding Enerpac securities in a margin account or pledging them as collateral for a loan. 3.7 Consequences of Insider Trading Individuals who trade on material nonpublic information (or tip information to others) can be subject to an array of civil and criminal penalties. Violations are taken very seriously by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice, the federal agencies responsible for enforcing the law in this area. Potential sanctions include: Disgorgement of profits gained or losses avoided and interest thereon; A civil penalty of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided; A bar from acting as an officer or director of a publicly traded company; A criminal fine (no matter how small the profit or the lack thereof) of up to 5 million; and A jail term of up to 20 years. These penalties can apply even if the individual is not a director or officer. In addition to the potentially severe civil and criminal penalties for violation of the insider trading laws, violation of this Company policy may result in the imposition of Company sanctions, including dismissal. A conviction or finding of liability for insider trading can also result in individuals being banned generally from employment in the securities or financial industries or other employment, and even an allegation of insider trading can result in harm to professional and personal reputation. A transaction that may be necessary or seem justifiable for independent reasons (including a need to raise money for a personal financial emergency) is neither an exception to this policy nor a safeguard against prosecution for violation of insider trading laws. 

Insider Trading and Dissemination of Inside Information ENERPAC TOOL GROUP - GLOBAL Page 5 of 6 3.8 Post-Termination Transactions. This policy continues to apply to transactions in Company securities even after termination of service to the Company. If an individual is in possession of Inside Information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in Company securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. 4.0 Supplemental Procedures for Access Persons Company directors and officers, and other employees with regular access to Insider Information are subject to additional restrictions on their ability to transact in the Company s shares. Such individuals are designated as Access Persons under this policy and include employees of the corporate finance and accounting departments and other senior Company employees at a Director level or above. The General Counsel or his or her designee will notify those individuals who are subject to this Addendum. Pre-Clearance. All transactions by Access Persons in Company securities (other than transactions pursuant to previously approved Rule 10b5-1 Plans) must be pre-cleared with the General Counsel or his or her designee. A Permission to Trade form is available on the HUB under Policies or from the Legal Compliance department and should be submitted to ETGStockPlan@enerpac.com for approval. Transactions may not be completed until written approval is given by the General Counsel or his or her designee. After receiving clearance to engage in a trade from the General Counsel or his or her designee, the requestor must complete the proposed trade within two business days or make a new trading request; provided, however, that if the requestor becomes aware of Inside Information before the trade is executed, the preclearance is void and the trade must not be completed. For purposes of this policy, business day means the full trading session on a day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. Blackout Periods. Access Persons may not engage in transactions involving Company securities during regular quarterly or special Blackout Periods. The regular quarterly Blackout Periods commence after the fifteenth calendar day of the third month of a fiscal quarter and end at the close of business on the second full business day after public disclosure of the financial results for that fiscal quarter. For example, assuming a regular five-business day week, if the earnings release is published after trading on the NYSE commences on Wednesday, trading may begin on the following Monday and continue until the fifteenth day of the last month the Corporation s next fiscal quarter, assuming no event-specific trading restrictions are implemented. The Company may impose other special Blackout Periods depending on whether there are material nonpublic developments, such as a regulatory action or major corporate transaction, and designate additional Access Persons for such special Blackout Periods. Any person made aware of a special Blackout Period must not disclose the existence of the Blackout Period to any other person. The purpose for Blackout Periods is to establish an additional procedural safeguard to prevent improper transactions and insider trading. Transactions in the Company s securities outside of a Blackout Period should not be considered a safe harbor, and all directors, officers, and employees remain individually responsible at all times for compliance with this policy and ensuring they do not engage in any transactions involving the Company s securities while they may be in possession of Inside Information. Hardship Trades. The General Counsel or his or her designee may, on a case-by-case basis, authorize trading in Company securities during a Blackout Period due to financial hardship or other hardships, provided the requesting individual is not in possession of Inside Information. At a minimum requests for hardship exceptions to a Blackout Period should include written notice of the circumstances of the hardship and the amount and nature of the proposed trade(s) and a 

Insider Trading and Dissemination of Inside Information ENERPAC TOOL GROUP - GLOBAL Page 6 of 6 certification by the person requesting approval that he or she is not in possession of Inside Information. Notifying the Company of Modification or Termination of Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements. The Company is required to disclose in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its annual reports on Form 10-K, the adoption, modification or termination by a director or executive officer subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act (a Section 16 executive officer of any Rule 10b5-1 Plan and any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, which is defined as any written arrangement for the trading of securities that was entered into at a time when the director or Section 16 executive officer was not aware of material nonpublic information and (i) specified the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities were to be purchased or sold, or (ii) included a written formula or algorithm, or computer program, for determining the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities were to be purchased or sold, or (iii) did not permit the covered person to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to effect purchases or sales; provided, in addition, that any other person who, pursuant to the trading arrangement, did exercise such influence must not have been aware of material nonpublic information when doing so. While the adoption or modification of a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement by a director or Section 16 executive officer is subject to the pre-clearance procedures set forth above, to assist the Company with its disclosure obligation, directors and Section 16 executive officers must promptly notify (within two business days) the General Counsel or his or her designee of any termination of a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 5.0 Responsibilities 5.1 Persons subject to this policy have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and to not engage in transactions in Company securities while in possession of Inside Information. Each individual is responsible for making sure that he or she complies with this policy, and that his or her family members (as set forth in Section 3.3) also comply with this policy. In all cases, the responsibility for determining whether an individual is in possession of Inside Information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company, the General Counsel or his or her designee or any other employee or director pursuant to this policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. 5.2 The General Counsel or his or her designee is responsible for interpreting and administering this policy. 5.3 The Chief Compliance Counsel is responsible for keeping a record of all 10b5-1 Plan Review Requests and Permissions to Trade and the responses given and may act as the General Counsel s designee under this policy. 5.4 The Legal Compliance Department is responsible for review and maintenance of this policy. 6.0 Legal Effect of this Company Policy The Company s policy with respect to insider trading and the dissemination of confidential information, and the procedures that implement that policy, are not intended to serve as precise recitations of the legal prohibitions against insider trading and tipping, which are highly complex, fact specific and evolving. Certain of the procedures are designed to prevent even the appearance of impropriety and in some respects may be more restrictive than the securities laws. Therefore, these procedures are not intended to serve as a basis for establishing civil or criminal liability that would not otherwise exist. 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 5
 epac10-k08312024ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY STATE COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION Actuant Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Enerpac Energy (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia Cortland Company Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Hydratight (Asia Pacific) Pty. Ltd. Australia HTL Australasia Pty. Ltd. Australia Hydratight Equipamentos Servicos e Industria Ltda. Brazil Actuant Canada Corporation Canada Enerpac (Jiangsu) Industrial Equipment Co. Ltd China Enerpac (Shanghai) Industrial Equipment Co. Ltd China Enerpac (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. China Actuant Cyprus Ltd Cyprus Enerpac International Holdings, Inc. Delaware Cortland Company, Inc Delaware ETG Worldwide Holdings II LLC Delaware Hydratight Operations, Inc. Delaware Actuant Europe Holdings SAS France Enerpac France SAS France Actuant GmbH Germany Hydratight Injectaseal Deutschland GmbH Germany Actuant Global Sourcing, Ltd. Hong Kong Actuant Hungary Holding Kft. Hungary Enerpac India Pvt. Ltd. India Engineered Solutions LP Indiana Enerpac SpA Italy Enerpac Co. Ltd Japan Actuant Holding Kazakhstan LLP Kazakhstan Actuant JV Kazakhstan LLP Kazakhstan Hydratight Operating Company Kazakhstan LLP Kazakhstan Actuant Mexico Holdings S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Actuant Europe CV Netherlands ATU Euro Finance BV Netherlands ATU Global Holdings II BV Netherlands BML Global Holdings CV Netherlands Enerpac BV Netherlands Enerpac Heavy Lifting Technology BV Netherlands Enerpac Investments, Inc. Nevada ETG M.E. Investments, LLC Nevada ETG Worldwide Holdings I Inc. New York Enerpac AS Norway Venice Holdings AS Norway Venice Norge AS Norway Enerpac Eastern Europe SP. ZO.O. Poland Hydratight Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Actuant Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Enerpac Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

Actuant Operations Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore Venice (Singapore) Pte Ltd. Singapore Venice Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd. Singapore Enerpac Africa (Pty) Ltd. South Africa Actuant Korea Ltd. South Korea Actuant Middle East Holdings, S.L. Spain Enerpac Spain, S.L. Spain Actuant Sweden HB Sweden Enerpac Scandinavia AB Sweden Hydratight Ltd. Trinidad Hydratight Tunisia Tunisia Enerpac Ltd. UK BML PN Ltd UK CAM 1 Ltd UK Cortland UK Holdings Limited UK Enerpac Acquisitions Ltd. UK Enerpac Acquisitions Finance Ltd. UK Enerpac Energy Ltd. UK Enerpac Finance Ltd UK Enerpac Global Financing Limited UK Enerpac Holdings Ltd. UK Enerpac International Ltd. UK ETG Asia Holdings Ltd UK ETG Global Holdings Ltd UK ETG Investments Ltd UK HT Global Holdings Limited UK Hydratight Ltd. UK Hydratight Operations, Ltd. UK Venice Fundco Ltd. UK Venice Topco Ltd. UK Enerpac Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates Hydratight FZE United Arab Emirates 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 epac10-k08312024ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239643) pertaining to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Outside Directors Deferred Compensation plan 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-215592) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-46469) pertaining to the Applied Power Inc. 1996 Stock Option Plan 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-53702) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2001 Stock Plan 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-53704) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2001Outside Directors Stock Option Plan 
 6. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-61279) pertaining to the Zero Corporation 1988 Stock Option Plan and the Zero Corporation 1994 Stock Option Plan 
 7. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-61281) pertaining to the Applied Power Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 8. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-89068) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 
 9. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-102523) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2002 Stock Plan 
 10. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-102524) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation Outside 2001 Directors Stock Option Plan 
 11. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-112008) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 12. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-118811) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan 
 13. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-131186) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2002 Stock Plan 
 14. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-131187) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation Amended and Restated 2001 Outside Directors Stock Plan 
 15. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-156734) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 16. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-186146) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 17. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-164304) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 18. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-254821) pertaining to the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated November 9, 2020) 
 19. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-164303) pertaining to the Actuant Corporation 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 of our report dated October 21, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Enerpac Tool Group Corp., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 October 21, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 epac10-k08312024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul E. Sternlieb, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 21, 2024 
 s Paul E. Sternlieb Paul E. Sternlieb President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 epac10-k08312024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, P. Shannon Burns, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 Date October 21, 2024 
 s P. Shannon Burns P. Shannon Burns Interim Principal Financial Officer and 
 Head of Financial Planning, Operations 
 and Decision Support 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 epac10-k08312024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned President and Chief Executive Officer of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 Date October 21, 2024 
 s Paul E. Sternlieb Paul E. Sternlieb President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and will be retained by Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 epac10-k08312024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Interim Principal Financial Officer and Head of Financial Planning, Operations and Decision Support of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 Date October 21, 2024 
 s P. Shannon Burns P. Shannon Burns Interim Principal Financial Officer and Head of Financial Planning, Operations and Decision Support 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and will be retained by Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 11
 exhibit97-enerpactoolgro.htm
 EX-97

exhibit97-enerpactoolgro 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. DODD-FRANK CLAWBACK POLICY The Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company has adopted this Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy (this Policy ), effective as of December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The purpose of this Policy is to provide for the recoupment of certain incentive compensation pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, in the manner required by Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder, and Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (collectively, the Dodd-Frank Rules ). Accordingly, this Policy shall be interpreted to be consistent with the Dodd- Frank Rules. 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. (a) Accounting Restatement shall mean an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial restatements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (i.e., a Big R restatement), or (ii) that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (i.e., a little r restatement). (b) Affiliate shall mean each entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company. (c) Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation shall mean Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a Covered Executive (i) on or after the Effective Date, (ii) after beginning service as a Covered Executive, (iii) if such individual served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation (irrespective of whether such individual continued to serve as a Covered Executive upon or following the Restatement Trigger Date), (iv) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable Clawback Period. (d) Clawback Period shall mean, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Trigger Date and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years (except that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of at least nine months shall count as a completed fiscal year). (e) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (f) Company Group shall mean the Company and its Affiliates. (g) Covered Executive shall mean any executive officer of the Company as defined under the Dodd-Frank Rules, and, for the avoidance of doubt, includes each individual Exhibit 97 

2 identified as an executive officer of the Company in accordance with Item 401(b) of Regulation S- K under the Exchange Act. (h) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. With respect to any compensation plan or program that takes into account Incentive-Based Compensation, the amount contributed to a notional account that exceeds the amount that otherwise would have been contributed had it been determined based on the restated amount, computed without regard to any taxes paid, shall be considered Erroneously Awarded Compensation, along with earnings accrued on that notional amount. (i) Financial Reporting Measures shall mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall for purposes of this Policy be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in order to be considered a Financial Reporting Measure. (j) Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. (k) NYSE shall mean the New York Stock Exchange. (l) Received shall mean the deemed receipt of Incentive-Based Compensation. Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed received for this purpose in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the applicable Incentive- Based Compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to both a Financial Reporting Measure vesting condition and a service-based vesting condition shall be considered received when the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is achieved, even if the Incentive-Based Compensation continues to be subject to the service-based vesting condition. (m) Restatement Trigger Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer(s) of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 2. Administration. This Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has full and final authority to interpret and construe this Policy and to make to make all determinations under this Policy, in each case to the extent permitted under the Dodd-Frank Rules and in compliance with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. All determinations and decisions made by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the provisions of this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its Affiliates, its stockholders and all Covered Executives. Any action or inaction by the Compensation Committee with respect to a Covered Executive under this Policy in no way limits the Compensation Committee s actions or decisions not to act with respect to any other Covered Executive under this Policy or under any similar policy, agreement or arrangement, nor shall any such action or inaction serve as a waiver of any rights the Company may have against any Covered Executive other than as set forth in this Policy. 

3 3. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. Upon the occurrence of a Restatement Trigger Date, the Company shall recoup Erroneously Awarded Compensation reasonably promptly, in the manner described below. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company s obligation to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent on if or when restated financial statements are filed following the Restatement Trigger Date. (a) Process. The Compensation Committee shall use the following process for recoupment: (i) First, the Compensation Committee will determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each Covered Executive in connection with such Accounting Restatement. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement, the amount shall be determined by the Compensation Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was Received (in which case, the Company shall maintain documentation of such determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the NYSE). (ii) Second, the Compensation Committee will provide each affected Covered Executive with a written notice stating the amount of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, a demand for recoupment, and the means of recoupment that the Company will accept. (b) Means of Recoupment. The Compensation Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, which may include without limitation: (i) recoupment of cash or shares of Company stock, (ii) forfeiture of unvested cash or equity awards (including those subject to service-based and/or performance- based vesting conditions), (iii) cancellation of outstanding vested cash or equity awards (including those for which service-based and/or performance-based vesting conditions have been satisfied), (iv) to the extent consistent with Section 409A of the Code, offset of other amounts owed to the Covered Executive or forfeiture of deferred compensation, (v) reduction of future compensation, and (vi) any other remedial or recovery action permitted by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company Group makes no guarantee as to the treatment of such amounts under Section 409A of the Code and shall have no liability with respect thereto. Except as set forth in Section 3(d) below, in no event may the Company Group accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of a Covered Executive s obligations hereunder. (c) Failure to Repay. To the extent that a Covered Executive fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company Group when due (as determined in accordance with Section 3(a) above), the Company shall, or shall cause one or more other members of the Company Group to, take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recoup such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Covered Executive. The applicable Covered Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company Group for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company Group in recouping such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. (d) Exceptions. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to recoup Erroneously Awarded Compensation if one of the following conditions is met and the Compensation Committee determines that recoupment would be impracticable: (i) The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy against a Covered Executive would exceed the amount to be recouped, after the Company has 

4 made a reasonable attempt to recoup the applicable Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempts, and provided such documentation to the NYSE; (ii) Recoupment would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022, provided that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recoup any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the NYSE, that recoupment would result in such a violation and a copy of the opinion is provided to the NYSE; or (iii) Recoupment would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 4. Reporting and Disclosure. The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Rules. 5. Indemnification Prohibition. No member of the Company Group shall be permitted to indemnify any current or former Covered Executive against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is recouped pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company Group s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. The Company may not pay or reimburse any Covered Executive for the cost of third-party insurance purchased by a Covered Executive to fund potential recoupment obligations under this Policy. 6. Acknowledgment. To the extent required by the Compensation Committee, each Covered Executive shall be required to sign and return to the Company the acknowledgement form attached hereto as Exhibit A pursuant to which such Covered Executive will agree to be bound by the terms of, and comply with, this Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, each Covered Executive will be fully bound by, and must comply with, the Policy, whether or not such Covered Executive has executed and returned such acknowledgment form to the Company. 7. Amendment; Termination. The Compensation Committee may amend or terminate this Policy from time to time in its discretion, including to comply with (or maintain an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code or as and when it determines that it is legally required to do so by any federal securities laws, SEC rule or the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed. 8. Other Recoupment Rights. The Compensation Committee intends that this Policy be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Compensation Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award, cash incentive award, or any other agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date be conditioned upon the Covered Executive s agreement to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company Group, whether arising under applicable law, regulation or rule, pursuant to the terms of any other policy of the Company Group, pursuant to any employment agreement, equity award, cash incentive award, or other agreement applicable to a Covered Executive, or otherwise (the Separate Clawback Rights ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of recovery of the same Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy and the Separate Clawback Rights, unless required by applicable law. 9. Successors. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 10. Governing Law; Venue. This Policy and all rights and obligations hereunder are governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Wisconsin, excluding any choice of law rules or principles that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. All actions arising out of or relating to this Policy shall be heard and determined exclusively in the Circuit Court of the State of 

5 Wisconsin located in the county in which the Company s principal executive offices are located or, if such court declines to exercise jurisdiction or if subject matter jurisdiction over the matter that is the subject of any such legal action or proceeding is vested exclusively in the U.S. federal courts, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. 11. Exhibit Filing Requirement. This Policy and any amendments hereto shall be posted on the Company s website and filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K. 12. Severability. The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision shall be applied to the maximum extent permitted and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 

A-1 Exhibit A ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. DODD-FRANK CLAWBACK POLICY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM By signing below, the undersigned acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy (the Policy ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Acknowledgement Form (this Acknowledgement Form shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Policy. By signing this Acknowledgement Form, the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during and after the undersigned s employment with the Company Group. Further, by signing below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company Group reasonably promptly to the extent required by, and in a manner permitted by, the Policy, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors in its sole discretion, as well as the choice of law and exclusive venue provisions set forth in the Policy. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, as may be amended, or any agreement between the undersigned and the Company providing for indemnification by the Company of the undersigned, the undersigned agrees and acknowledges that the undersigned shall not be entitled to any indemnification by the Company or any of its Affiliates thereunder, including any advancement of expenses, in respect of any action, suit or proceeding by or against the Company or any of its Affiliates regarding the recovery from the undersigned of Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to the Policy. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned s execution and delivery of this Acknowledgement Form is a condition to the receipt by the undersigned of any Incentive-Based Compensation after the Effective Date. Sign: _____________________________ Name: [Employee] Date: _____________________________ 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 epac-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 epac-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 epac-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 epac-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 epac-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

