<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241003_10-K_edgar_data_1297341_0001213900-24-085121.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12222590</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>348961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1956468</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3965298</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2522376</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2904169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-085121.hdr.sgml : 20241003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241003172807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-085121
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kentucky First Federal Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001297341
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				611484858
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51176
		FILM NUMBER:		241352730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		479 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			HAZARD
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(606) 436-3860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		479 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			HAZARD
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040715

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-085121.txt : 20241003

10-K
 1
 ea0215440-10k_kentucky.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock
held by nonaffiliates was million as of December 31, 2023. 

Number of shares of common stock outstanding
as of September 24, 2024: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 

1 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 18 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 27 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 27 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 29 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 29 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 29 

PART
 II 

30 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 30 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 31 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 31 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 31 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 31 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 31 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 31 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 33 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 33 

PART
 III 

34 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 34 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 34 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 35 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 35 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 35 

PART
 IV 

36 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 36 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 37 

SIGNATURES 
 
 38 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this report, as
well as other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, 
 plan, estimate, intend and potential, or words of similar meaning, or future or
conditional verbs such as should, could, or may. Forward-looking statements include statements
of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our ability to fully and timely address the deficiencies that resulted
in the Agreement that First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky has entered into with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC 
First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky s ability to satisfy the Individual Minimum Capital Requirements imposed by the OCC; statements
regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment
portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. Kentucky First Federal Bancorp s actual results, performance
or achievements may materially differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that
could cause or contribute to such material differences include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions; prices for real estate
in the Company s market areas; the interest rate environment and the impact of the interest rate environment on our business, financial
condition and results of operations; our ability to successfully execute our strategy to increase earnings, increase core deposits, reduce
reliance on higher cost funding sources and shift more of our loan portfolio towards higher-earning loans; our ability to pay future dividends
and if so at what level; our ability to receive any required regulatory approval or non-objection for the payment of dividends from First
Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard and First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky to the Company or from the Company to shareholders;
the ability of First Federal MHC to receive approval of its members to waive the payment of any Company dividends to First Federal MHC
competitive conditions in the financial services industry; changes in the level of inflation; changes in the demand for loans, deposits
and other financial services that we provide; the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currently expected; competitive
pressures among financial services companies; the ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees; our ability to maintain
the security of our data processing and information technology systems; the outcome of pending or threatened litigation, or of matters
before regulatory agencies; changes in law, governmental policies and regulations, rapidly changing technology affecting financial services,
and the other matters mentioned in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law or
regulation, the Company does not undertake the responsibility, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to release publicly the result
of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statements
or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

General 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
to we, us and our refer to Kentucky First, and where appropriate, collectively to Kentucky
First, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky. 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp. Kentucky
First Federal Bancorp Kentucky First Federal or the Company was incorporated as a mid-tier holding company
under the laws of the United States on March 2, 2005 upon the completion of the reorganization of First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard First Federal of Hazard into a federal mutual holding company form of organization (the Reorganization ).
On that date, Kentucky First Federal also completed its minority stock offering and its concurrent acquisition of Frankfort First Bancorp,
Inc. Frankfort First Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiary First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky, Frankfort, Kentucky First Federal of Kentucky (the Merger ). Following the Reorganization and Merger, the Company has operated
First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky (collectively, the Banks as two independent, community-oriented
savings institutions. 

On December 31, 2012, Kentucky First Federal
acquired CFK Bancorp, Inc., the savings and loan holding company for Central Kentucky Federal Savings Bank, a federally chartered savings
bank located in Danville, Kentucky. Central Kentucky Federal Savings Bank was merged into First Federal of Kentucky and now operates
as a division of First Federal of Kentucky under the name Central Kentucky Federal Savings Bank through its two offices
in Danville, Kentucky and its Lancaster, Kentucky branch. With the acquisition, the Company expanded its customer base in the central
Kentucky area with an institution that shared its community banking orientation and thrift heritage and enjoyed a favorable reputation
within the new Danville-Lancaster market area. 

Kentucky First s and First Federal of Hazard s
executive offices are located at 655 Main Street, Hazard, Kentucky, 41702 and the telephone number for investor relations is (888) 818-3372. 

1 

At June 30, 2024, Kentucky First had total assets
of 375.0 million, deposits of 256.1 million and stockholders equity of 48.0 million. The discussion in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K relates primarily to the businesses of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky, as Kentucky First s operations
consist primarily of operating the Banks and investing funds retained in the Reorganization. 

First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of
Kentucky are subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and their deposits
are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
Both of the Banks are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, which is one of the 11 regional banks in the FHLB System.
See Regulation and Supervision . 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard. First Federal of Hazard was formed as a federally chartered mutual savings and loan association in 1960. First Federal
of Hazard operates from a single office located at 655 Main Street, Hazard, Kentucky as a community-oriented savings and loan association
offering traditional financial services to consumers in Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky. It engages primarily in the
business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such funds to originate, when available, loans secured by first mortgages
on owner-occupied, residential real estate and occasionally other loans secured by real estate. To the extent there is insufficient loan
demand in its market area, and where appropriate under its investment policies, First Federal of Hazard has historically invested in
mortgage-backed and investment securities, although since the reorganization, First Federal of Hazard has been purchasing whole loans
and participations in loans originated at First Federal of Kentucky. At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Hazard had total assets of 89.8
million, net loans of 81.1 million, total mortgage-backed and other securities of 3.4 million, deposits of 54.4 million and total
capital of 18.0 million. 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky.
 First Federal of Kentucky is a federally chartered savings bank, which is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits
from the general public and originating primarily adjustable-rate loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied
one- to four-family residences in Franklin, Boyle, Garrard and other counties in Kentucky. First Federal of Kentucky also originates,
to a lesser extent, home equity loans and loans secured by churches, multi-family properties, professional office buildings and other
types of property. At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky had total assets of 287.1 million, net loans of 251.9 million, total
mortgage-backed and other securities of 6.4 million, deposits of 204.4 million and total capital of 28.9 million. 

First Federal of Kentucky s main office
is located at 216 W. Main Street, Frankfort, Kentucky 40602 and its main telephone number is (502) 223-1638. 

Market Areas 

First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
operate in four market areas. 

First Federal of Hazard s market area consists
of Perry County, where the business office is located, as well as the surrounding counties of Letcher, Knott, Breathitt, Leslie and Clay
Counties in eastern Kentucky. The economy in its market area has been distressed in recent years. The local economy depends on the coal
industry and other industries, such as health care and manufacturing. Still, the economy in First Federal of Hazard s market area
continues to lag behind the economies of Kentucky and the United States. In the most recent available data, using information from the
Commonwealth of Kentucky Economic Development and the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics, median household income in Perry County
is 48,328 compared to personal income of 61,118 in Kentucky and 80,610 in the United States. Total population in Perry County is approximately
28,000. However, as a regional economic center, Hazard tends to draw consumers and workers who commute from surrounding counties. Employment
in the market area, particularly in Perry County, is led by healthcare, followed by retail, education, and public administration. During
the last five years, the unemployment rate (not seasonally adjusted) has been higher than most regions, and in July 2024, was 7.0 , compared
to 5.1 in Kentucky and 4.2 in the United States. 

First Federal of Kentucky s primary lending
area includes the Kentucky counties of Franklin, Boyle, Garrard and surrounding counties, with the majority of lending originated on properties
located in Franklin and Boyle Counties. 

Franklin County has a population of approximately
52,000, of which approximately 27,000 live within the city of Frankfort, which serves as the capital of Kentucky. The primary sources
of employment are public administration, education, other services, and health care. The median household income in Franklin County is
 67,788. The unemployment rate is 4.20 

Boyle County has a population of approximately
31,000. The primary sources of employment are health care, retail, information services, and manufacturing. The unemployment rate is 5.0 
while the median household income in Boyle County is 60,218. 

Garrard County has a population of approximately
18,000. The primary sources of employment are education, health care, retail, and construction. There is a 4.5 unemployment rate and
 62,546 median household income. 

2 

Lending Activities 

General . Our loan portfolio consists
primarily of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. As opportunities arise, we also offer loans secured by churches, commercial
real estate, and multi-family real estate. We also offer loans secured by deposit accounts and home equity loans. Substantially all of
our loans are made within the Banks respective market areas. 

Residential Mortgage Loans . Historically, our primary lending activity is the origination of mortgage
loans to enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes in the Banks respective market areas. At June 30, 2024, residential
mortgage loans including construction loans and multi-family totaled 285.8 million, or 85.3 , of our total loan portfolio. We offer a
mix of adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans with terms up to 30 years. Adjustable-rate loans have an initial fixed term of one,
three, five or seven years. After the initial term, the rate adjustments on most of our adjustable-rate loans are indexed to the MIRS
Transition Index, formerly known as PMMS+ Index. The interest rates on these mortgages are adjusted once a year, with limitations on adjustments
generally of one percentage point per adjustment period, and a lifetime cap of five percentage points. We determine loan fees charged,
interest rates and other provisions of mortgage loans on the basis of our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. Some
loans originated by the Banks have an additional advance clause which allows the borrower to obtain additional funds at prevailing interest
rates, subject to managements approval. 

At June 30, 2024, the Company s loan portfolio included 252.6
million in adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans, or 88.4 of the Company s residential mortgage loan portfolio. 

The retention of adjustable-rate loans in the
portfolio helps reduce our exposure to increases in prevailing market interest rates. However, there are unquantifiable credit risks resulting
from potential increases in costs to borrowers in the event of upward repricing of adjustable-rate loans. It is possible that during periods
of rising interest rates, the risk of default on adjustable-rate loans may increase due to increases in interest costs to borrowers. Further,
although adjustable-rate loans allow us to increase the sensitivity of our interest-earning assets to changes in interest rates, the extent
of this interest sensitivity is limited by the initial fixed-rate period before the first adjustment and the periodic and lifetime interest
rate adjustment limitations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that yields on our adjustable-rate loans will fully adjust to compensate
for increases in our cost of funds. Finally, adjustable-rate loans may decrease at a pace faster than decreases in our cost of funds,
resulting in reduced net income. In recent months, the Company has attempted to shift direction from adjustable-rate loans secured by
owner-occupied homes. The Company is well-positioned to originate fixed-rate loans secured by owner-occupied homes for sale into the secondary
market. Doing so will free capital and liquidity for potential investment in higher-yielding types of assets. 

While one- to four-family residential real estate
loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because
borrowers often prepay their loans in full upon sale of the mortgaged property or upon refinancing the original loan. Therefore, average
loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and sale activity in the real estate market, prevailing interest
rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding loans. 

The Banks offer various programs for the purchase
and refinance of one- to four-family loans. Most of these loans have loan-to-value ratios of 80 or less, based on an appraisal provided
by a state licensed or certified appraiser. For owner-occupied properties, the borrower may be able to borrow up to 95 of the value if
they secure and pay for private mortgage insurance or they may be able to obtain a second mortgage (at a higher interest rate) in which
they borrow up to 90 of the value. The Boards of Directors of the Banks may approve a loan above the 80 loan-to-value ratio without
such enhancements. 

Construction Loans. We originate
loans for a term of one year or less to individuals to finance the construction of residential dwellings for personal use or for use
as rental property. On a case-by-case basis we consider construction loans on other than owner-occupied, residential property. Due to
demand in our local markets, we have also increased lending to borrowers who are building homes to sell. These tend to be established
borrowers building one or a few moderately-priced homes. At June 30, 2024 construction loans totaled 13.8 million, or 4.1 , of our total
loan portfolio. Our construction loans generally provide for the payment of interest only during the construction phase, which is usually
less than one year. Loans generally can be made with a maximum loan to value ratio of 80 of the appraised value. Funds are disbursed
as progress is made toward completion of the construction based on site inspections by qualified bank staff. 

3 

Construction financing is generally considered
to involve a higher degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction
loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction or development
and the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. During the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays
and cost overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, we may be required to advance funds beyond the amount
originally committed to permit completion of the development. If the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, we may be confronted,
at or before the maturity of the loan, with a project having a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment. As a result of the
foregoing, construction lending often involves the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success
of the ultimate project rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If we are forced to foreclose
on a project before or at completion due to a default, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover the unpaid balance and
accrued interest on the loan, as well as related foreclosure and holding costs. 

Multi-Family Loans . We offer mortgage
loans secured by multi-family property (residential real estate comprised of five or more units.) At June 30, 2024, multi-family loans
totaled 15.8 million, or 4.7 , of our total loan portfolio. We originate multi-family real estate loans for terms of generally 25 years
or less. Loan amounts generally do not exceed 80 of the appraised value and tend to range much lower. 

Nonresidential Loans . As opportunities
arise, we offer mortgage loans secured by nonresidential real estate, which is generally secured by commercial office buildings, churches,
and properties used for other purposes. At June 30, 2024, nonresidential real estate loans totaled 34.3 million, or 10.2 of our total
loan portfolio. We originate nonresidential real estate loans for terms of generally 25 years or less and loan amounts generally do not
exceed 80 of the appraised value and tend to range much lower. 

Loans secured by multi-family and nonresidential
real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans.
Of primary concern in multi-family and nonresidential real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility
and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties often depend on successful operation and management
of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to a greater extent than residential real estate loans to adverse
conditions in the real estate market or the economy. To monitor cash flows on income properties, we require borrowers and/or loan guarantors
to provide annual financial statements on larger multi-family and commercial real estate loans. In reaching a decision on whether to
make a multi-family or nonresidential real estate loan, we consider the net cash flow of the project, the borrower s expertise,
credit history and the value of the underlying property. 

Commercial Non-mortgage Loans . At
June 30, 2024, commercial non-mortgage loans totaled 700,000, or 0.2 , of our total loan portfolio. We do not emphasize commercial non-mortgage
loans, which may be secured by vehicles used in business or by inventory and equipment of the business or may be unsecured, although
we do originate such loans on a limited basis and generally require a pre-existing relationship with the Bank. These loans are made only
to businesses in our local market and we generally require personal guarantees of well-established individuals for these loans. Commercial
loans involve an even greater degree of risk than real estate loans. 

Consumer Lending. Our consumer loans include home equity lines of credit, loans secured
by savings deposits, automobile loans and unsecured or personal loans. At June 30, 2024, our consumer loan balance totaled 12.2 million,
or 3.6 , of our total loan portfolio. Of the consumer loan balance at June 30, 2024, 10.6 million were home equity loans, 819,000 were
loans secured by savings deposits and 117,000 were automobile or unsecured loans. Our home equity loans are made on the security of residential
real estate and have terms of up to 15 years. Most of our home equity loans are second mortgages subordinate only to first mortgages also
held by the bank and do not exceed 80 of the estimated value of the property, less the outstanding principal of the first mortgage, although
we do offer home equity loans up to 90 of the value less the balance of the first mortgage at a premium rate to qualified borrowers.
These loans are not secured by private mortgage insurance. Our home equity loans require the monthly payment of 1.0 to 2.0 of the unpaid
principal until maturity, when the remaining unpaid principal, if any, is due. Home equity loans bear variable rates of interest indexed
to the prime rate for loans with 80 or less loan-to-value ratio, and 2 above the prime rate for loans with a loan-to-value ratio in
excess of 80 . Interest rates on these loans can be adjusted monthly. At June 30, 2024, the total outstanding home equity loans amounted
to 3.2 of the Company s total loan portfolio. 

4 

Loans secured by savings are originated for up
to 90 of the depositor s savings account balance. The interest rate is varying percentage points above the rate paid on the savings
account, and the account must be pledged as collateral to secure the loan. At June 30, 2024, loans on savings accounts totaled 0.2 of
the Company s total loan portfolio. 

Consumer loans generally entail greater risk
than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans which are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciable
assets. Automobile and unsecured loans at June 30, 2024, totaled 0.2 of the Company s total loan portfolio. 

Loan Originations, Purchases and Sales .
 Loan originations come from a number of sources. The primary source of loan originations are our in-house loan originators, and to
a lesser extent, advertising and referrals from customers and real estate agents. First Federal of Kentucky sells fixed-rate loans with
longer maturities to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati FHLB-Cincinnati ). We earn income on the loans sold through
fees we charge on the origination, interest spread premiums earned when we sell the loans, and loan servicing fees on an on-going basis,
because servicing rights are retained on such loans. At June 30, 2024, 20.4 million in loans were being serviced by First Federal of
Kentucky for the FHLB-Cincinnati. 

Loan Approval Procedures and Authority .
 Our lending activities follow written, nondiscriminatory, underwriting
standards and loan origination procedures established by each Bank s Board of Directors and management. Each Bank s loan staff
can approve or deny loans totaling 500,000 or less. First Federal of Hazard s loan committee consists of its two senior officers,
while First Federal of Kentucky s loan approval process allows for various combinations of experienced bank officers to approve
or deny loans. Loans that do not conform to this criteria must be submitted to the Board of Directors or Loan Committee composed of at
least three directors, for approval. 

It is the Company s practice to record
a lien on the real estate securing a loan. The Banks generally do not require title insurance, although it may be required for loans
made in certain programs. The Banks do require fire and casualty insurance on all security properties and flood insurance when the collateral
property is located in a designated flood hazard area. 

Loans to One Borrower . The maximum
amount either Bank may lend to one borrower and the borrower s related entities is limited, by regulation, to generally 15 of
that Bank s stated capital and the allowance for loan losses. At June 30, 2024, the regulatory limit on loans to one borrower was
 2.8 million for First Federal of Hazard and 4.7 million for First Federal of Kentucky. Neither of the Banks had lending relationships
in excess of their respective lending limits. However, loans or participations in loans may be sold among the Banks, which may allow
a borrower s total loans with the Company to exceed the limit of either individual bank. 

Loan Commitments . The Banks issue
commitments for the funding of mortgage loans. Generally, these commitments exist from the time the underwriting of the loan is completed
and the closing of the loan. Generally, these commitments are for a maximum of 30 or 60 days but management routinely extends the commitment
if circumstances delay the closing. Management reserves the right to verify or re-evaluate the borrower s qualifications and to
change the rates and terms of the loan at that time. 

If conditions exist whereby either Bank experiences a significant increase
in loans outstanding or commits to originate loans that are riskier than a typical one- to four-family mortgage, management and the boards
will consider reflecting the anticipated loss exposure in a separate liability. Upon implementation of ASU 2016-13 or the current expected
credit loss (CECL) model at July 1, 2023, the Banks began to utilize a separate liability to reflect anticipated credit losses on loan
commitments. At June 30, 2024, this amount totaled 60,000. 

Both Banks offer construction loans that either
have a separate construction period of one year or less, approved with a simultaneous commitment for permanent financing, or a loan that
has a construction phase of one year or less that is convertible to permanent financing. 

Interest Rates and Loan Fees. Interest
rates charged on mortgage loans are primarily determined by competitive loan rates offered in our market areas and our yield objectives.
Mortgage loan rates reflect factors such as prevailing market interest rate levels, the supply of money available to the savings industry
and the demand for such loans. These factors are in turn affected by general economic conditions, the monetary policies of the federal
government, including the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the general supply of money in the economy, tax policies
and governmental budget matters. 

5 

We receive fees in connection with late payments
on our loans. Depending on the type of loan and the competitive environment for mortgage loans, we may charge an origination fee on all
or some of the loans we originate. We may also offer a menu of loans whereby the borrower may pay a higher fee to receive a lower rate
or to pay a smaller or no fee for a higher rate. 

Delinquencies . When a borrower
fails to make a required loan payment, we take a number of steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current
status. We make initial contact with the borrower when the loan becomes 15 days past due. Subsequently, bank staff, under the direct
supervision of senior management and with consultation by the Banks attorneys, attempt to contact the borrower and determine their
status and plans for resolving the delinquency. However, once a delinquency reaches 90 days, management considers foreclosure and, if
the borrower has not provided a reasonable plan (such as selling the collateral, securing a commitment from another lender to refinance
the loan or submitting a plan to repay the delinquent principal, interest, escrow, and late charges) the foreclosure suit may be initiated.
In some cases, management may delay initiating the foreclosure suit if, in management s opinion, the Banks chance of loss
is minimal (such as with loans where the estimated value of the property greatly exceeds the amount of the loan) or if the original borrower
is deceased or incapacitated. If a foreclosure action is initiated and the loan is not brought current, paid in full, or refinanced with
another lender before the foreclosure sale, the real property securing the loan is sold at foreclosure. The Banks are represented at
the foreclosure sale and in most cases will bid an amount equal to the Banks investment (including interest, advances for taxes
and insurance, foreclosure costs, and attorney s fees). If another bidder outbids the Bank, the Bank s investment is received
in full. If another bidder does not outbid the Banks, the Banks acquire the property and attempt to sell it to recover their investment. 

A borrower s filing for bankruptcy can
alter the methods available to the Banks to seek collection. In such cases, the Banks work closely with legal counsel to resolve the
delinquency as quickly as possible. 

We may consider loan workout arrangements with
certain borrowers under certain conditions. Management of each bank provides a report to its board of directors on a monthly basis of
all loans more than 60 days delinquent, including loans in foreclosure, and all property acquired through foreclosure. 

Investment Activities 

We have legal authority to invest in various
types of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies and state and municipal governments,
mortgage-backed securities and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. We also are required to maintain an investment
in FHLB-Cincinnati stock, the level of which is largely dependent on our level of borrowings from the FHLB. 

At June 30, 2024, our investment portfolio consisted
of mortgage-backed securities issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae with stated final maturities of 30 years
or less. The Company held no equity position with Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. 

Our investment objectives are to provide an alternate
source of low-risk investments when loan demand is insufficient, to provide and maintain liquidity, to maintain a balance of high quality,
diversified investments to minimize risk, to provide collateral for pledging requirements, to establish an acceptable level of interest
rate risk, and to generate a favorable return. The Banks Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for each institution s
investment portfolio, including approval of investment policies . The management of each Bank may authorize investments as prescribed
in each of the Bank s investment policies. 

Bank Owned Life Insurance 

First Federal of Kentucky owns several Bank Owned
Life Insurance policies totaling 2.9 million at June 30, 2024. The purpose of these policies is to offset future escalation of the costs
of non-salary employee benefit plans such as First Federal of Kentucky s defined benefit retirement plan and First Federal of Kentucky s
health insurance plan. The lives of certain key Bank employees are insured, and First Federal of Kentucky is the sole beneficiary and
will receive any benefits upon the employee s death. The policies were purchased from four highly-rated life insurance companies.
The design of the plan allows for the cash value of the policy to be designated as an asset of First Federal of Kentucky. The asset s
value will increase by the crediting rate, which is a rate set by each insurance company and is subject to change on an annual basis.
The growth of the value of the asset will be recorded as other operating income. Management does not foresee any expense associated with
the plan. Because this is a life insurance product, current federal tax laws exempt the income from federal income taxes. 

6 

Bank owned life insurance is not secured by any
government agency nor are the policies asset values or death benefits secured specifically by tangible property. Great care was
taken in selecting the insurance companies, and the bond ratings and financial condition of these companies are monitored on a quarterly
basis. The failure of one of these companies could result in a significant loss to First Federal of Kentucky. Other risks include the
possibility that the favorable tax treatment of the income could change, that the crediting rate will not be increased in a manner comparable
to market interest rates, or that this type of plan will no longer be permitted by First Federal of Kentucky s regulators. This
asset is considered illiquid because, although First Federal of Kentucky may terminate the policies and receive the original premium
plus all earnings, such an action would require the payment of federal income taxes on all earnings since the policies inception. 

Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds 

General . Deposits, loan repayments
and maturities, redemptions, sales and repayments of investment and mortgage-backed securities are the major sources of our funds for
lending and other investment purposes. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and
loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest rates and money market conditions. 

Deposit Accounts . The vast majority
of our depositors are residents of the Banks respective market areas. Deposits are attracted from within our market areas through
the offering of passbook savings and certificate accounts, and, at First Federal of Kentucky, checking accounts and individual retirement
accounts IRAs ). We began utilizing brokered funds in June 2023 and had 52.0 million in such deposits at June 30, 2024.
Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods the funds must remain on deposit and the interest
rate, among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, profitability
to us, asset liability management and customer preferences and concerns. We review our deposit mix and pricing on an ongoing basis as
needed . 

Borrowings . First Federal of Hazard
and First Federal of Kentucky borrow from the FHLB-Cincinnati to supplement their supplies of investable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal
requirements. The Federal Home Loan Bank functions as a central reserve bank providing credit for member financial institutions. As members,
each Bank is required to own capital stock in the FHLB-Cincinnati and is authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock
and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States),
provided certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met. Advances are made under several different programs, each having
its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are based either on a
fixed percentage of an institution s net worth or on the Federal Home Loan Bank s assessment of the institution s creditworthiness. 

Subsidiary Activities 

The Company has no other wholly owned subsidiaries
other than First Federal of Hazard and Frankfort First Bancorp. Frankfort First Bancorp has one subsidiary, First Federal of Kentucky. 

As federally chartered savings institutions,
the Banks are permitted to invest an amount equal to 2 of assets in subsidiaries, with an additional investment of 1 of assets where
such investment serves primarily community, inner-city and community-development purposes. Under such limitations, as of June 30, 2023,
First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky were authorized to invest up to 1.8 million and 5.7 million, respectively, in
the stock of or loans to subsidiaries, including the additional 1 investment for community, inner-city and community development purposes. 

Competition 

We face significant competition for the attraction
of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from the banks and credit unions
operating in our market areas and, to a lesser extent, from other financial services companies, such as investment brokerage firms. We
also face competition for depositors funds from money market funds and other corporate and government securities. Several of our
competitors are significantly larger than us and, therefore, have significantly greater resources. We expect competition to increase
in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial
services industry. Technological advances, for example, have lowered the barriers to enter new market areas, allowed banks to expand
their geographic reach by providing services over the Internet and made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products
and services that traditionally have been provided by banks. Changes in federal law permit affiliation among banks, securities firms
and insurance companies, which promotes a competitive environment in the financial services industry. Competition for deposits and the
origination of loans could limit our growth in the future. 

7 

According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), at June 30, 2024, the latest date for which data is available, First Federal of Hazard had a deposit market share
of 7.8 in Perry County. Its largest competitors, Hazard Bancorp (Peoples Bank Trust Company of Hazard,) 1 st Trust Bank,
Inc., and Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (Community Trust Bank, Inc.) had Perry County deposit market shares of 42.7 , 23.6 and 28.7 ,
respectively. First Federal of Hazard s competition for loans comes primarily from financial institutions in its market area and,
to a lesser extent, from other financial services providers, such as mortgage companies and mortgage brokers. Competition for loans also
comes from the increasing number of non-depository financial services companies entering the mortgage market, such as insurance companies,
securities companies and specialty finance companies. 

First Federal of Kentucky s principal competitors for deposits
in its market area are other banking institutions, such as commercial banks and credit unions, as well as mutual funds and other investments.
First Federal of Kentucky principally competes for deposits by offering a variety of deposit accounts, convenient business hours and branch
locations, customer service and a well-trained staff. According to the FDIC, at June 30, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky had deposit market
share of 7.0 , 7.1 and 13.6 for the Kentucky counties of Franklin, Boyle and Garrard. Its largest competitors for depositors are the
Boyle Bancorp, Inc. (The Farmers National Bank of Danville) at 28.1 , Wesbanco Bank, Inc. (Wesbanco) at 15.5 and Community Trust Bancorp,
Inc., (Community Trust Bank) at 8.3 market share in the three-county area. Boyle Bancorp, Wesbanco, Inc., and Community Trust Bancorp,
Inc. had assets at June 30, 2024, of 940.3 million, 18.1 billion, and 5.8 billion, respectively. The Bank also faces considerable competition
from credit unions including the Commonwealth Credit Union 2.3 billion in assets) and the Expree Credit Union 102.1 million in assets).
First Federal of Kentucky competes for loans with other depository institutions, as well as specialty mortgage lenders and brokers and
consumer finance companies. First Federal of Kentucky principally competes for loans on the basis of interest rates and the loan fees
it charges, the types of loans it originates and the convenience and service it provides to borrowers. In addition, First Federal of Kentucky
believes it has developed strong relationships with the businesses, real estate agents, builders and general public in its market area. 

Personnel 

At June 30, 2024, we had 56 full-time employees
and three part-time employees, none of whom was represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship with our employees
is good. 

Regulation and Supervision 

General. First Federal of Hazard
and First Federal of Kentucky are subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (OCC), as their primary federal regulator, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), as insurer of deposits. First
Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are each members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System and their deposit accounts are
insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the FDIC. First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
must each file reports with the OCC and the FDIC concerning their activities and financial condition in addition to obtaining regulatory
approvals before entering into certain transactions such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. There are
periodic examinations by the OCC and, under certain circumstances, the FDIC to evaluate First Federal of Hazard s and First Federal
of Kentucky s safety and soundness and compliance with various regulatory requirements. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (Federal Reserve Board), the agency that regulates and supervises bank and savings and loan holding companies, supervises and
regulates Kentucky First and First Federal MHC. Kentucky First and First Federal MHC, as savings and loan holding companies, are required
to file certain reports with, and are subject to examination by, and otherwise are required to comply with the rules and regulations
of the Federal Reserve Board. This regulatory structure is intended primarily for the protection of the DIF and depositors. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) significantly changed the financial regulatory regime in the United States. Since the enactment
of the Dodd-Frank Act, U.S. banks and financial services firms have been subject to enhanced regulation and oversight. Several provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Act remain subject to further rulemaking, guidance, and interpretation by the federal banking agencies. 

8 

Enacted in 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory
Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (EGRRCPA) amended certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. EGRRCPA provides limited regulatory
relief to certain financial institutions, while preserving the existing framework under which U.S. financial institutions are regulated.
In addition to amending the Dodd-Frank Act, EGRRCPA also includes several provisions that positively affect smaller banking institutions
(e.g., those with less than 10 billion in assets) like the Banks. Specific provisions of the EGRRCPA that benefit smaller banks include
modifications to the qualified mortgage criteria under the ability to repay rules for certain mortgages that
are held and maintained on the Bank s retained portfolio as well as relief from certain capital requirements with the creation
of a community bank leverage ratio. See Federal Savings Association Regulation Capital Requirements. 

Certain of the regulatory requirements that are
applicable to First Federal of Hazard, First Federal of Kentucky, Kentucky First and First Federal MHC are described below. This discussion
does not purport to be a complete description of the laws and regulations involved and is qualified in its entirety by the actual laws
and regulations. Moreover, laws and regulations are subject to changes by the U.S. Congress or the regulatory agencies as applicable. 

Agreements with Regulators . On August
13, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky entered into a formal written agreement (the Agreement with the OCC, which became effective
as of the same date. The Agreement will remain effective until it is amended by First Federal of Kentucky and the OCC, or the OCC modifies,
waives or terminates the Agreement. As a result of the Agreement, pursuant to 12 C.F.R. 5.51(c)(7)(ii), First Federal of Kentucky
is in troubled condition, and is not an eligible savings association for purposes of 12 C.F.R. 5.3,
unless otherwise informed in writing by the OCC. In addition to the Agreement, the OCC has also imposed individual minimum capital requirements IMCRs on First Federal of Kentucky. The IMCRs require First Federal of Kentucky to maintain a common equity tier 1 capital
ratio of at least 9.0 , a tier 1 capital ratio of at least 11.0 , a total capital ratio of at least 12.0 , and a leverage ratio of at
least 9.0 . 

Under the terms of the Agreement, First Federal
of Kentucky is required to take the following actions within the time frames specified in the Agreement: 

create
a compliance committee composed of at least three of First Federal of Kentucky s directors to monitor and oversee First Federal
of Kentucky s compliance with the provisions of the Agreement and submit quarterly evaluation reports to First Federal of Kentucky s
board of directors regarding actions First Federal of Kentucky has taken to comply with the Agreement and the results and status of such
actions; 

submit
to the OCC, adopt and implement an acceptable revised written three-year strategic plan establishing objectives for First Federal of
Kentucky s overall risk profile, balance sheet mix, funding structure, interest rate risk, liquidity and capital adequacy, earnings
performance, and asset and core deposit growth, together with strategies to achieve those objectives; 

submit
to the OCC, adopt and implement an acceptable revised written succession plan for First Federal of Kentucky that is designed to promote
adequate staffing and continuity of capable management; 

adopt
a revised written liquidity risk management program for First Federal of Kentucky that provides for the identification, measurement,
monitoring, and control of First Federal of Kentucky s liquidity risk exposure, and that emphasizes the importance of cash flow
projections, diversified funding sources, a cushion of highly liquid assets, robust liquidity stress testing scenario analyses, and a
formal, well-developed contingency funding plan as primary tools for measuring and managing liquidity risk; and 

adopt
a revised written interest rate risk program that includes risk management systems to identify, measure, monitor, and control interest
rate risk. 

The Agreement requires First Federal of Kentucky s Board to (i)
ensure that First Federal of Kentucky timely adopts and implements all corrective actions required by the Agreement and (ii) verify that
First Federal of Kentucky adheres to the corrective actions and that they are effective in addressing First Federal of Kentucky s
deficiencies that resulted in the Agreement. First Federal of Kentucky s Board and management are committed to fully addressing
the provisions of the Agreement within the required time frames. As of the date of this filing, First Federal of Kentucky s Board
and management believe that First Federal of Kentucky has made progress toward addressing the deficiencies that resulted in the Agreement
and intends to satisfy the Agreement s requirements as expeditiously as possible. For additional information, see Item 1A, Risk
Factors - We are required to comply with the terms of a formal written agreement and IMCRs issued by the OCC, and lack of compliance
could result in monetary penalties and /or additional regulatory actions and Note K - Stockholders Equity and Regulatory
Capital of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

9 

Regulation of Federal Savings Associations

Business Activities. Federal law
and regulations, primarily the Home Owners Loan Act and the regulations of the OCC, govern the activities of federal savings associations,
such as First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky. These laws and regulations delineate the nature and extent of the activities
in which federal savings associations may engage. In particular, certain lending authority for federal savings associations e.g. ,
commercial, nonresidential real property loans and consumer loans) is limited to a specified percentage of the association s capital
or assets. 

Branching. Federal savings associations
are authorized to establish branch offices in any state or states of the United States and its territories, subject to the approval of
the OCC. 

Capital Requirements . Federal regulations
require insured depository institutions, including federal savings associations to meet four minimum capital standards: a 4.0 Tier 1
leverage ratio; a 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio; a 6.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio; and an 8 Total capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio. These requirements were effective January 1, 2015, and are the result of a final rule implementing recommendations of the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel III) and certain requirements of the Dodd Frank Act. The regulations also include a capital
conservation buffer of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier
1 capital and result in the following minimum ratios: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of
8.5 , and (3) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning in January 2016 at
0.625 of risk-weighted assets and increased by that amount each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be
subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls
below the buffer amount. 

Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common
stockholders equity (including retained earnings), certain non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority
interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less intangibles other than certain mortgage servicing rights and credit card
relationships. The regulations eliminate the inclusion of certain instruments, such as trust preferred securities, from Tier 1 capital.
Instruments issued before May 19, 2010, are grandfathered for companies with consolidated assets of 15 billion or less. The components
of Tier 2 capital currently include cumulative preferred stock, long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities,
subordinated debt and intermediate preferred stock, the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted
assets and up to 45 of unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Overall,
the amount of Tier 2 capital included as part of total capital cannot exceed 100 of core capital. Total capital is defined as core capital
and supplementary capital, less certain specified deductions from total capital such as reciprocal holdings of depository institution
capital, instruments and equity investments. For purposes of determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets, including certain
off-balance sheet assets, recourse obligations, residual interests and direct credit substitutes, are multiplied by a risk-weight factor
of 0 to 150 , as assigned by the capital regulation based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. 

The EGRRCPA required the federal banking agencies,
including the OCC, to establish a community bank leverage ratio (CBLR) for qualifying community banking organizations having
less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio of greater than 9 . The CBLR is an alternative framework
that permits qualifying institutions to calculate a leverage ratio to measure capital adequacy. Institutions opting into the CBLR framework
are not be required to calculate or report risk-based capital and are deemed to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements
and be in compliance with the generally applicable capital rule if they meet the CBLR ratio. The CBLR ratio is the ratio of a banking
organization s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets as reported on the banking organization s applicable
regulatory filings. The federal agencies published a final rule on October 9, 2020, effective November 9, 2020, that set the CBLR at
9 beginning on January 1, 2022. The CARES Act directed the federal banking agencies to issue an interim rule temporarily lowering the
CBLR ratio to 8 which the agencies did with a transition back to 9 by year-ended 2021. The Banks elected to use the CBLR framework
effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. As of June 30, 2024, the capital levels of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal
of Kentucky exceed the minimum required capital amounts for capital adequacy. See Note K-Stockholders Equity and Regulatory Capital
in notes to financial statements. 

In August 2024, First Federal of Kentucky entered into an Agreement
with the OCC. The OCC has also imposed individual minimum capital requirements IMCRs which require First Federal of Kentucky
to achieve and maintain capital levels in excess of the minimum capital standards required under OCC s Prompt Corrective Action
framework. Under the IMCRs, First Federal of Kentucky must achieve and maintain a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 9.0 ,
a tier 1 capital ratio of at least 11.0 , a total capital ratio of at least 12.0 , and a leverage ratio of at least 9.0 . At June 30,
2024, First Federal of Kentucky exceeded the requirements of the IMCRs as its common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its tier
1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its total capital ratio was 16.25 , and its leverage ratio was 10.24 . For additional information, see Item
1A, Risk Factors - We are required to comply with the terms of a formal written agreement and IMCRs issued by the OCC, and lack
of compliance could result in monetary penalties and /or additional regulatory actions and Note K - Stockholders Equity
and Regulatory Capital of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

10 

Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action .
 Federal law requires the federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action should an insured depository institution
fail to meet certain capital adequacy standards. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five capital classifications: well capitalized,
adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not
used to represent overall financial condition. Under the regulations, an institution is deemed to be well capitalized if
it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of
5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has
a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or
greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based
capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common
equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total
risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or
a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has
a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 

If less than adequately capitalized, regulatory
approval is required to accept broker deposits. The OCC is required to take certain supervisory actions against undercapitalized federal
savings associations, the severity of which depends upon the association s degree of undercapitalization. In addition, numerous
mandatory supervisory actions become immediately applicable to an undercapitalized association, including, but not limited to, increased
monitoring by regulators and restrictions on growth, capital distributions and expansion. The OCC could also take any one of a number
of discretionary supervisory actions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers
and directors. Significantly and undercapitalized associations are subject to additional mandatory and discretionary measures. 

Loans to One Borrower. Federal
law provides that federal savings associations are generally subject to the limits on loans to one borrower applicable to national banks.
Subject to certain exceptions, a federal savings association may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers
in excess of 15 of its unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus,
if secured by specified readily-marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. 

Standards for Safety and Soundness. 
As required by statute, the federal banking agencies have adopted Interagency Guidelines prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness.
The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at
insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the OCC determines that a federal savings association fails to meet
any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the OCC may require the institution to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with
the standard. If an institution fails to meet these standards, the OCC may require the institution to implement an acceptable compliance
plan. Failure to implement such a plan can result in further enforcement action, including the issuance of a cease-and-desist order or
the imposition of civil money penalties. 

Limitation on Capital Distributions. 
OCC regulations impose limitations upon all capital distributions by a federal savings association, including cash dividends, payments
to repurchase its shares and payments to shareholders of another institution in a cash-out merger. Under the regulations, an application
to and the prior approval of the OCC is required before any capital distribution if, among other circumstances the association will not
remain an eligible savings association i.e. , generally, well capitalized and with examination and Community Reinvestment
Act ratings in the two top categories), the total capital distributions for the calendar year exceed net income for that year plus the
amount of retained net income for the preceding two years, the federal savings association is directly or indirectly controlled by a
mutual savings and loan holding company or the distribution would otherwise be contrary to a statute, regulation or agreement with the.
In addition, the federal savings association must provide 30 days prior notice to the Federal Reserve Board of the capital distribution
if, like First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky, it is a subsidiary of a holding company. If First Federal of Hazard s
or First Federal of Kentucky s capital were ever to fall below its regulatory requirements or the OCC notified it that it was in
need of increased supervision, its ability to make capital distributions could be restricted. In addition, the OCC could prohibit a proposed
capital distribution that would otherwise be permitted by the regulation, if the agency determines that such distribution would constitute
an unsafe or unsound practice. As a result of the Agreement with the OCC, pursuant to 12 C.F.R. 
5.51(c)(7)(ii), First Federal of Kentucky is in troubled condition, and is not an eligible savings association 
for purposes of 12 C.F.R. 5.3, unless otherwise informed in writing by the OCC. 

11 

Qualified Thrift Lender Test. Federal
law requires federal savings associations to meet a qualified thrift lender test. Under the test, a federal savings association is required
to either qualify as a domestic building and loan association under the Internal Revenue Code or maintain at least 65 
of its portfolio assets (total assets less: (i) specified liquid assets up to 20 of total assets; (ii) intangibles, including
goodwill; and (iii) the value of property used to conduct business) in certain qualified thrift investments (primarily
residential mortgages and related investments, including certain mortgage-backed securities, education loans, credit card loans and small
business loans) in at least 9 months out of each 12-month period. 

A savings association that fails the qualified
thrift lender test is immediately subject to certain operating restrictions, including restrictions on new activities, branching and
the payment of dividends. The Dodd-Frank Act also specifies that failing the qualified thrift lender test is a violation of law that
could result in an enforcement action. Failure to correct the violation within 12 months will cause the association s savings and
loan holding company to register as and be deemed a bank holding company. At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal
of Kentucky were in compliance with the qualified thrift lender test in each of the prior 12 months. 

Transactions with Related Parties. 
Federal law limits the authority of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to lend to, and engage in certain other transactions
(collectively, covered transactions ), with affiliates e.g. , any company that controls or is under
common control with an insured depository institution, including Kentucky First, First Federal MHC and their non-savings institution
subsidiaries). The aggregate amount of covered transactions with any individual affiliate is limited to 10 of the capital and surplus
of the savings association. The aggregate amount of covered transactions with all affiliates is limited to 20 of the savings association s
capital and surplus. Loans and other specified transactions with affiliates are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and
of a type described in federal law. The purchase of low-quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited. Transactions with affiliates
must be on terms and under circumstances that are at least as favorable to the association as those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions with non-affiliated companies. In addition, savings associations are prohibited from lending to any affiliate that is engaged
in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and no federal savings association may purchase the securities of any
affiliate other than a subsidiary. Transactions between sister depository institutions that are 80 or more owned by the same holding
company are exempt from the quantitative limits and collateral requirements. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 generally prohibits
a company from making loans to its executive officers and directors. However, that law contains a specific exception for loans by a depository
institution to its executive officers and directors in compliance with federal banking laws. Under such laws, First Federal of Hazard s
and First Federal of Kentucky s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and 10 shareholders insiders ),
as well as entities such persons control, is limited. The law restricts both the individual and aggregate amount of loans First Federal
of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky may make to insiders based, in part, on First Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of
Kentucky s respective capital positions and requires certain board approval procedures to be followed. Such loans must be made
on terms, including rates and collateral, substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent
than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment
or any other unfavorable features. There are additional restrictions applicable to loans to executive officers. 

Enforcement. The OCC has primary
enforcement responsibility over federal savings associations and has the authority to bring actions against the institution and all institution-affiliated
parties, including stockholders, and any attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful action
likely to have an adverse effect on an insured institution. Formal enforcement actions may range from the issuance of a capital directive
or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors to appointment of a receiver or conservator or termination of deposit
insurance. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and can amount to 25,000 per day, or even 1 million per day in especially
egregious cases. The FDIC has authority to recommend to the OCC that enforcement action to be taken with respect to a particular savings
association. If action is not taken by the OCC, the FDIC has authority to take such action under certain circumstances. Federal law also
establishes criminal penalties for certain violations of law. 

Assessments. Federal savings associations
pay assessments to the OCC to fund its operations. The general assessments, paid on a semi-annual basis, are based upon the savings association s
total assets, including consolidated subsidiaries, its financial condition and the complexity of its portfolio. During the current year,
our assessments totaled 81,000 and are expected to increase in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. 

12 

Insurance of Deposit Accounts. 
The deposits of both First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are insured up to applicable limits by the DIF administered
by the FDIC. Deposit insurance per account owner is currently 250,000. Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, insured
depository are assigned a risk category based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors. An institution s
assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned, and certain adjustments specified by FDIC regulations. Institutions
deemed less risky pay lower assessments. The FDIC may adjust the scale uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two
basis points from the base scale without notice and comment. No institution may pay a dividend if in default of the federal deposit insurance
assessment. Assessment rates currently range from 1.5 to 30 basis points of total average assets (excluding PPP loans) less average tangible
equity. 

The FDIC has authority to increase insurance
assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of
operations of the Banks. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System. 
First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 12 regional
Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. As members
of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are each required to acquire and hold
shares of capital stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank. First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky were in compliance with
this requirement with investments in Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati stock at June 30, 2024, of 960,000 million and 3.3 million,
respectively. 

Reserve Requirements. Federal Reserve
Board regulations require insured depository institutions to maintain non-interest earning reserves against their transaction accounts
(primary interest-bearing and regular checking accounts). Required reserves must be in the form of vault cash and if vault cash does
not fully satisfy the required reserves, requirements may be satisfied in the form of a balance maintained with the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank. The Federal Reserve Board generally makes annual adjustments to the tiered cash reserve requirements, however, effective
March 26, 2020, the reserve requirement was set to zero for all depository institutions. 

Community Reinvestment Act. All
insured depository institutions, including federal savings associations have a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with
safe and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of their entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The
Community Reinvestment Act does not establish specific lending requirements or programs, nor does it limit an institution s discretion
to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community consistent with the Community
Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act requires the OCC, in connection with its examination of a savings association, to assess
the association s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of
certain applications made by such association, including applications for mergers and acquisitions, and applications to open, relocate
or close a branch or facility. 

The Community Reinvestment Act requires public
disclosure of an institution s rating and requires the OCC to provide a written evaluation of an institution s Community
Reinvestment Act performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
each received a Satisfactory rating as a result of their most recent Community Reinvestment Act assessments. 

Privacy Standards. The
Banks are subject to FDIC regulations regarding the privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. These regulations require
each of the Banks to disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares non-public personal information 
to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. The regulations also require each of the
Banks to provide its customers with initial notices that accurately reflect its privacy policies and practices, to make its privacy policies
available to customers through its website, and to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having the Bank
share their non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties before it can disclose such information, subject to certain
exceptions. 

Cybersecurity. In
addition to the provisions in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (discussed above), the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to many federal
and state laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations which impose standards and requirements related to cybersecurity. For example,
federal regulatory statements regarding cybersecurity indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security
controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes address the risk posed by compromised customer
credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution.
Additionally, the statements indicate that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity
planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack
involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and
business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers
fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. Financial institutions that fail to observe this regulatory guidance on cybersecurity may be
subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 

13 

Anti-Money
Laundering and OFAC. Under federal law, financial institutions must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include
established internal policies, procedures, and controls. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial
transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence and customer identification. Financial institutions
must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any
suspicious transactions. Law enforcement authorities have been granted increased access to financial information maintained by financial
institutions. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they consider an institution s
compliance in connection with the regulatory review of applications, including applications for banking mergers and acquisitions. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, is responsible for helping to insure
that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of
Congress. OFAC publishes lists of persons, organizations, and countries suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts,
known as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that
is on an OFAC list, the Bank must freeze or block such account or transaction, file a suspicious activity report and notify the appropriate
authorities. The U.S. Treasury Department s Financial Crises Enforcement Network rules include customer due diligence requirements
for banks, including a requirement to identify and verify the identity of beneficial owners of customers that are legal entities, subject
to certain exclusions and exemptions. 

Prohibitions
Against Tying Arrangements . Federal savings associations are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit
to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that
the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution. 

Other Regulations. Interest and
other charges collected or contracted for by First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are subject to state usury laws and
federal laws concerning interest rates. The operations of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are also subject to federal
laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 

Truth-In-Lending
Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Equal
Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 

Fair
Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 

Fair
Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 

Truth
in Savings Act, prescribing disclosure and advertising requirements with respect to deposit accounts; and 

Rules
and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 

The operations of First Federal of Hazard and
First Federal of Kentucky also are subject to the: 

Right
to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for
complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

Electronic
Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts
and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; 

Check
Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital
check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and 

The
USA PATRIOT Act, which requires savings associations to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs,
and due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs
are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements that also apply to financial institutions under the Bank Secrecy Act and
the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations. 

Holding Company Regulation 

General. Kentucky First and First
Federal MHC are savings and loan holding companies within the meaning of federal law. As such, they are registered with the Federal Reserve
Board and are subject to Federal Reserve Board regulations, examinations, supervision, reporting requirements and regulations concerning
corporate governance and activities. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over Kentucky First and First Federal
MHC and their non-savings association subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict
or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to First Federal of Hazard and/or First Federal of Kentucky. 

14 

Restrictions Applicable to Mutual Holding
Companies. Federal law and Federal Reserve Board regulations, limit the activities of a mutual holding company, such as First
Federal MHC, to the following: (1) investing in the stock of insured savings association and acquiring them by means of a merger or acquisition;
(2) investing in a corporation the capital stock of which may be lawfully purchased by a savings association under federal law; (3) furnishing
or performing management services for a savings association subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company; (4) conducting an insurance
agency or escrow business; (5) holding, managing or liquidating assets owned or acquired from a savings association subsidiary of
the savings and loan holding company; (6) holding or managing properties used or occupied by a savings association subsidiary of the
savings and loan holding company; (7) acting as trustee under deed of trust; (8) any activity permitted for multiple savings and loan
holding companies by Federal Reserve Board regulations and; (9) any activity permitted by the Federal Reserve Board for bank holding
companies and financial holding companies 

Federal law prohibits a savings and loan holding
company, including a federal mutual holding company, from directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries, acquiring more
than 5 of the voting stock of another savings association, or its holding company, without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve
Board. Federal law also prohibits a savings and loan holding company from acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution
that is not insured by the FDIC. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings associations, the Federal Reserve
Board must consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of
the acquisition on the risk to the insurance funds, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. 

The Federal Reserve Board is prohibited from
approving any acquisition that would result in a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings associations in more than
one state, except: (1) the approval of interstate supervisory acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies, and (2) the
acquisition of a savings institution in another state if the laws of the state of the target savings association specifically permit
such acquisitions. The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions. 

Capital Requirements . Savings and
loan holding companies are generally subject to consolidated capital requirements. The Federal Reserve Board has provided a Small
Bank Holding Company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and EGRRCP directed the Federal Reserve Board to increase
the asset threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion, which was done in 2018. Consequently, savings and loan holding companies of less
than 3.0 billion of assets, such as First Federal, MHC and Kentucky First, are exempt from consolidated capital requirements unless
otherwise directed by the Federal Reserve Board in individual. 

Source of Strength. Federal Reserve
Board regulations require savings and loan holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary
savings associations. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the requirement that savings and loan holding companies act as a source of financial
strength to their insured depository institution subsidiaries. As a result, savings and loan holding companies are expected to commit
resources to support subsidiary savings associations, including at times when the savings and loan holding company may not be in a financial
position to provide such resources. 

Dividends. The Federal Reserve
Board has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expressed the Federal Reserve Board s
view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company s net income for the past year is
sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earning retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs,
asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a company
experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, under the prompt correction action regulations,
the Federal Reserve Board may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s insured depository
institution subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized. See Federal Savings Association Regulation 
Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. 

Stock Holding Company Subsidiary Regulation.
 Federal Reserve Board regulations govern the two-tier mutual holding company form of organization and subsidiary stock holding
companies that are controlled by mutual holding companies. Kentucky First is the stock holding company subsidiary of First Federal MHC.
Kentucky First is only permitted to engage in activities that are permitted for First Federal MHC subject to the same restrictions and
conditions. 

15 

Waivers of Dividends by First Federal MHC .
 Federal Reserve Board regulations require First Federal MHC to notify
the Federal Reserve Board if it proposes to waive the right to receive dividends declared by Kentucky First. The Dodd-Frank Act specified
that dividends may be waived if certain conditions are met, including that the Federal Reserve Board does not object after being given
written notice of the dividend and proposed waiver. The Federal Reserve Board may not object to such a waiver (i) if the mutual holding
company involved has, prior to December 1, 2009, reorganized into a mutual holding company structure, engaged in a minority stock offering
and waived dividends it had a right to receive; (ii) the board of directors of the mutual holding company expressly determines that a
waiver of the dividend is consistent with its fiduciary duties to members and (iii) the waiver would not be detrimental to the safe and
sound operation of the savings association subsidiaries of the holding company. Beginning with the dividend paid in September 2012, First
Federal MHC has annually sought member approval to obtain Federal Reserve Board approval to waive the MHC s dividends from the Company.
In January 2024, the board announced that due to low income at the banks, the dividend to shareholders would be suspended indefinitely,
and First Federal MHC suspended efforts to seek member approval to obtain the dividend waiver in the coming year. If at such time as Kentucky
First has sufficient income and liquidity to pay future dividends, it is expected that that First Federal MHC will once again solicit
member approval of the dividend waiver. For more information, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Our ability to pay dividends
is subject to the ability of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to make capital distributions to Kentucky First and
the waiver of dividends by First Federal MHC. 

Conversion of First Federal MHC to Stock
Form. Federal Reserve Board regulations permit First Federal MHC to convert from the mutual form of organization to the capital
stock form of organization. In a conversion transaction, a new holding company would be formed as successor to First Federal MHC, its
corporate existence would end, and certain depositors would receive the right to subscribe for additional shares of the new holding company.
In a conversion transaction, each share of common stock held by stockholders other than First Federal MHC would be automatically converted
into a number of shares of common stock of the new holding company based on an exchange ratio determined at the time of conversion that
ensures that stockholders other than First Federal MHC own the same percentage of common stock in the new holding company as they owned
in us immediately before conversion. Under Federal Reserve Board regulations, stockholders other than First Federal MHC would not be
diluted because of any dividends waived by First Federal MHC (and waived dividends would not be considered in determining an appropriate
exchange ratio, provided that the mutual holding company involved was formed, engaged in a minority offering and waived dividends prior
to December 1, 2009), in the event First Federal MHC converts to stock form. First Federal MHC was formed, engaged in a minority stock
offering and waived dividends prior to December 1, 2009. The total number of shares held by stockholders other than First Federal MHC
after a conversion transaction also would be increased by any purchases by stockholders other than First Federal MHC in the stock offering
conducted as part of the conversion transaction. 

Acquisition of Control. Under the
federal Change in Bank Control Act, a notice must be submitted to the Federal Reserve Board if any person (including a company), or group
acting in concert, seeks to acquire control of a savings and loan holding company or savings association. An acquisition
of control can occur upon the acquisition of 10 or more of the voting stock of a savings and loan holding company or savings
association or as otherwise defined by the Federal Reserve Board. Under the Change in Bank Control Act, the Federal Reserve Board has
60 days from the filing of a complete notice to act, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial
resources of the acquirer and the anti-trust effects of the acquisition. Any company that so acquires control would then be subject to
regulation as a savings and loan holding company. 

Future Legislation. Federal and
state legislatures may introduce legislation that will impact the financial services industry. In addition, federal banking agencies
may introduce regulatory initiatives that are likely to impact the financial services industry, generally. Such initiatives may include
proposals to expand or contract the powers of savings and loan holding companies and/or depository institutions or proposals to substantially
change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the
Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit
or expand permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial
institutions. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, or, if enacted, the effect that it or any implementing
regulations would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. A change in statutes, regulations, or regulatory
policies applicable to Kentucky First or any of its subsidiaries could have a material effect on the business of the Company. 

16 

Federal and State Taxation 

General. We report our income on
a fiscal year basis using the cash method of accounting. See Note H-Federal Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for a description of the change in accounting method available through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 

Federal Taxation . The federal income
tax laws apply to us in the same manner as to other corporations with some exceptions, including particularly the reserve for bad debts
discussed below. The following discussion of tax matters is intended only as a summary and does not purport to be a comprehensive description
of the tax rules applicable to us. Our federal income tax returns are subject to examination for years 2017 and later. The federal statutory
tax rate was 21 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act was enacted, which amended the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, reducing tax rates and modifying certain policies, credits, and deductions
for individuals and businesses. Included in this legislation was a reduction of the federal corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 .
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also added limitations on the deductibility of business interest expense. While this limitation should not
impact the deductibility of the Company s interest expense, the limitation could impact our commercial borrowers. The Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act also includes changes to personal income taxes, including: (i) a lower limit on the deductibility of mortgage interest
on single-family residential mortgages; (ii) the elimination of interest deductions for home equity loans; and (iii) a limitation on
the deductibility of property taxes and state and local income taxes. 

For fiscal years beginning before June 30,
1996, thrift institutions that qualified under certain definitional tests and other conditions of the Internal Revenue Code were permitted
to use certain favorable provisions to calculate their deductions from taxable income for annual additions to their bad debt reserve.
A reserve could be established for bad debts on qualifying real property loans, generally secured by interests in real property improved
or to be improved, under the percentage of taxable income method or the experience method. The reserve for nonqualifying loans was computed
using the experience method. Federal legislation enacted in 1996 repealed the reserve method of accounting for bad debts and the percentage
of taxable income method for tax years beginning after 1995 and require savings institutions to recapture or take into income certain
portions of their accumulated bad debt reserves. First Federal of Hazard did not qualify for such favorable tax treatment for any years
through 1996. Approximately 5.2 million of First Federal of Kentucky First s accumulated bad debt reserves would not be recaptured
into taxable income unless Frankfort First makes a non-dividend distribution to Kentucky First as described below. If First
Federal of Hazard or First Federal of Kentucky makes non-dividend distributions to us, the distributions will be considered
to have been made from First Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of Kentucky s unrecaptured tax bad debt reserves, including
the balance of their reserves as of December 31, 1987, to the extent of the non-dividend distributions, and then from
First Federal of Kentucky s supplemental reserve for losses on loans, to the extent of those reserves, and an amount based on the
amount distributed, but not more than the amount of those reserves, will be included in First Federal of Kentucky s taxable income.
Non-dividend distributions include distributions in excess of First Federal of Kentucky s current and accumulated earnings and
profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes, distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete
liquidation. Dividends paid out of First Federal of Kentucky s current or accumulated earnings and profits will not be so included
in First Federal of Kentucky s taxable income. 

The amount of additional taxable income triggered
by a non-dividend distribution is an amount that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income, is equal to the amount of the distribution.
Therefore, if First Federal of Kentucky makes a non-dividend distribution to us, approximately one and one-half times the amount of the
distribution not in excess of the amount of the reserves would be includable in income for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 21 
federal corporate income tax rate. First Federal of Kentucky does not intend to pay dividends in the future that would result in a recapture
of any portion of its bad debt reserves. 

State Taxation. Although First
Federal MHC and Kentucky First are subject to the Kentucky corporation income tax and state corporation license tax (franchise tax),
the corporation license tax is repealed effective for tax periods ending on or after December 31, 2005. Gross income of corporations
subject to Kentucky income tax is similar to income reported for federal income tax purposes except that dividend income, among other
income items, is exempt from taxation. For First Federal MHC and Kentucky First tax years beginning July 1, 2005, the corporations are
subject to an alternative minimum income tax. Corporations must pay the greater of the income tax, the alternative tax or 175. The corporations
can choose between two methods to calculate the alternative minimum; 9.5 cents per 100 of the corporation s gross receipts, or
75 cents per 100 of the corporation s Kentucky gross profits. Kentucky gross profits means Kentucky gross receipts reduced by
returns and allowances attributable to Kentucky gross receipts, less Kentucky cost of goods sold. The corporations, in their capacity
as holding companies for financial institutions, do not have a material amount of cost of goods sold. Although the corporate license
tax rate is 0.21 of total capital employed in Kentucky, a bank holding company, as defined in Kentucky Revised Statutes 287.900, is
allowed to deduct from its taxable capital, the book value of its investment in the stock or securities of subsidiaries that are subject
to the bank franchise tax. 

First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of
Kentucky are subject to both the Kentucky corporation income tax and corporation license tax. On March 26, 2019, HB 354 was enacted which
sunsets the Savings and Loan Tax after 2020 and subjects financial institutions to the corporate income tax beginning January 1, 2021.
Effective January 1, 2021, the Savings and Loan Tax no longer applies to financial institutions. 

17 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Interest Rate Risk 

Rising interest rates may hurt our profits
and asset values . 

Beginning in March, 2022, the Federal Reserve
Board s Open Market Committee FOMC started raising interest rates to combat elevated inflation and a strong labor
market. Rates continued to increase through August 2023. 

The increase in interest rates has caused our net interest income to
decline. Net interest income decreased 1.8 million or 20.3 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase
in interest expense of 5.4 million or 137.9 , offset somewhat by an increase in interest income 3.5 million or 27.6 . Our funding sources
repriced more quickly during the interest rate increases than our assets. Consequently, the increase in our interest expense was attributed
primarily to higher average rates paid on both deposits and FHLB advances, while the increase in our interest income was a combination
of both higher average balances and higher rates earned on those assets. In September 2024, the FOMC decided to lower the target range
for the federal funds rate by 50 basis points to 4 3/4 to 5 percent. Nevertheless, if interest rates rise in the future, our
net interest income may decline in the short term since, due to the generally shorter terms of interest-bearing liabilities, interest
expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, increases more quickly than interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans
and investments. In addition, rising interest rates may hurt our income because of reduced demand for new loans and refinancing loans
may in turn result in reduced interest and fee income earned on new loans and loan refinancings. While we believe that modest interest
rate increases will not significantly hurt our interest rate spread over the long term due to our high level of liquidity and the presence
of a significant amount of adjustable-rate mortgage loans in our loan portfolio, interest rate increases may initially reduce our interest
rate spread until such time as our loans and investments reprice to higher levels. 

Changes in interest rates also affect the value of our interest-earning
assets, and in particular our securities portfolio. Generally, the value of fixed-rate securities fluctuates inversely with changes in
interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are reported as separate components of equity. Decreases
in the fair value of securities available for sale resulting from increases in interest rates therefore could have an adverse effect on
stockholders equity. At June 30, 2024, this decrease in fair value of the securities, otherwise known as Accumulated other comprehensive
loss totaled 336,000 or 3.4 of our securities portfolio. 

Rising interest rates may adversely affect
the ability of borrowers to repay loans. 

We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage
loans with terms of up to 30 years; however, across our loan portfolio, interest rates and payments adjust annually after a one-, three-,
five- or seven-year initial fixed period. At June 30, 2024, 83.3 of our residential real estate loan portfolio were adjustable-rate loans.
Rising interest rates could have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the ability of borrowers to repay their current
loan obligations as interest rates rise, the borrower s payments rise, increasing the potential for delinquencies and defaults. 

18 

Risks Related to Our Lending Activities 

Inflationary pressures and rising prices
may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Inflation has risen sharply since the end of
2021 to levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2024. Inflation
could lead to increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations. High interest
rates may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could also push down asset prices and weaken economic activity.
A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing
assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our allowance for credit losses is not
sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our results of operations would be negatively affected. 

In determining the amount of the allowance for
credit loss, we analyze our loss and delinquency experience by loan categories and we consider the effect of existing economic conditions.
In addition, we make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness
of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. If the
actual results are different from our estimates, or our analyses are incorrect, our allowance for credit loss may not be sufficient to
cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would require additions to our allowance and would decrease our net income. An emphasis
on loan growth or shifting the types of loans the banks make, as well as any future credit deterioration, could require us to increase
our allowance further in the future. In addition, our banking regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and could
require us to increase our provision for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for credit loss or loan charge-offs as required by
regulatory authorities may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

A large percentage of our loans are collateralized
by real estate and disruptions in the real estate market may result in losses and hurt our earnings. 

Approximately 96.1 of our loan portfolio at June 30, 2024 was comprised
of loans collateralized by real estate. Disruptions in the real estate market could significantly impair the value of our collateral and
our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment
in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. If real estate values decline,
it will become more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance for loan losses. If during a period of reduced real estate
values, we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt or to increase our allowance for credit losses,
it could materially reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our concentration of residential mortgage
loans exposes us to increased lending risks. 

At June 30, 2024, 256.2 million, or 76.5 , of
our loan portfolio was secured by one-to-four family real estate, all of which is located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and we intend
to continue this type of lending in the foreseeable future. One-to-four family residential mortgage lending is generally sensitive to
regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their loan payment obligations, making
loss levels difficult to predict. A decline in residential real estate values as a result of a downturn in the local housing markets
or in the markets in neighboring states in which we originate residential mortgage loans could reduce the value of the real estate collateral
securing these types of loans. Declines in real estate values could cause some of our residential mortgages to be inadequately collateralized,
which would expose us to a greater risk of loss if we seek to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. 

The distressed economy in First Federal
of Hazard s market area could hurt our profits and slow our growth. 

Our banks operate in three distinct market areas.
First Federal of Hazard s market area consists of Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky. The economy in this market
area has been distressed in recent years due to the decline in the coal industry on which the economy has been dependent. While the region
has seen improvement in the economy from the influx of other industries, such as health care and manufacturing, the competition provided
by new methods of extracting natural gas has recently hurt the coal industry. As a consequence, the economy in First Federal of Hazard s
market area continues to lag behind the economies of Kentucky and the United States and First Federal of Hazard has experienced insufficient
loan demand in its market area. Moreover, the slow economy in First Federal of Hazard s market area will limit our ability to grow
our asset base in that market. 

19 

Our mortgage banking revenue and the value
of our mortgage servicing rights can be volatile. 

We plan to continue to sell our longer-term,
conforming and non-conforming fixed-rate loans that we originate to generate noninterest income. We also earn revenue from fees we receive
for servicing mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates may impact our mortgage banking revenues, which could negatively impact our noninterest
income. When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing loan origination volume and the related amount
of gains on the sales of loans. Under the same conditions, net revenue from our mortgage servicing activities can increase due to slower
prepayments, which reduces our amortization expense for mortgage servicing rights. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually tend
to increase and the value of our mortgage servicing rights usually tends to decline, also with some offsetting revenue effect. During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, non-interest income decreased 51,000 or 16.9 and totaled 251,000, primarily due to decreased
participation and service fee income. 

In addition, our results of operations are affected
by the amount of noninterest expenses associated with mortgage banking activities, such as salaries and employee benefits (including
commissions), occupancy, equipment and data processing expense, and other operating costs. During periods of reduced loan demand, our
results of operations may be adversely affected to the extent that we are unable to reduce expenses commensurate with the decline in
mortgage loan origination activity. 

Liquidity Risk 

Financial challenges at other banking institutions
could lead to depositor concerns that spread within the banking industry causing disruptive and destabilizing deposit outflows. 

In March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature
Bank experienced large deposit outflows coupled with insufficient liquidity to meet withdrawal demands, resulting in the institutions
being placed into FDIC receivership. In May 2023, First Republic Bank was also placed into FDIC receivership. In the aftermath of these
events, there has been substantial market disruption and concerns that diminished depositor confidence could spread across the banking
industry, leading to deposit outflows that could destabilize other institutions. To strengthen public confidence in the banking system,
the FDIC took action to protect funds held in uninsured deposit accounts at Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank.
However, the FDIC has not committed to protecting uninsured deposits in other institutions that experience outsized withdrawal demands.
To further bolster the banking system, the Federal Reserve Board created a new Bank Term Funding Program to provide an additional source
of liquidity. At June 30, 2024, we had 27.9 million in available liquidity, including 18.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Our
uninsured deposits are estimated to be approximately 17.5 million or 6.83 of total deposits. At June 30, 2024, we had off-balance sheet
liquidity sources totaling 89.3 million, including 71.4 million in additional borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati.
Notwithstanding our significant liquidity, large deposit outflows could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations
and could result in the closure of the Banks. Furthermore, the recent bank failures may result in strengthening of capital and liquidity
rules which, if the revised rules apply to us, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Insufficient liquidity or liquidity related
concerns could impair our ability to fund operations, pay dividends on outstanding shares of stock, and jeopardize our financial condition,
growth and prospects. 

We
require sufficient liquidity to fund loan commitments, satisfy depositor withdrawal requests, make payments on our debt obligations as
they become due, and meet other cash commitments. Liquidity risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they
become due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without
adverse conditions or consequences. Our sources of liquidity consist primarily of cash, assets readily convertible to cash (such as investment
securities), increases in deposits, advances, as needed, from the FHLB, borrowings, as needed, from the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
and other borrowings. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired
by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Any substantial, unexpected,
and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity, or any liquidity related requirements imposed by our regulators, could impair
our ability to fund operations, pay dividends on outstanding shares of stock, enact stock repurchases, and meet our obligations as they
become due and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

On January 16, 2024, the Company announced
the suspension of quarterly dividends indefinitely. The suspension of our quarterly cash dividend could have an adverse impact on the
market price of our common stock. 

Holders of our common stock are only entitled
to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds available for such payments under applicable law and regulatory
guidance. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so, and on January 16,
2024, the Company announced the suspension of quarterly dividends indefinitely. We cannot predict when or whether the Company will be
able to pay future common stock dividends and if so, the amount of any such common stock dividends. The suspension of our common stock
dividend could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

20 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
Generally 

Our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and
assessments may increase, which would reduce our profitability. 

On March 12, 2023, the Department of the Treasury,
the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued a joint statement relating to the resolution of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank that stated
that losses to support uninsured deposits of those banks would be recovered via a special assessment on banks. On May 11, 2023 the FDIC
Board of Directors approved a notice of proposed rulemaking, which would implement a special assessment to recover the cost associated
with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. In general, large banks with large
amounts of uninsured deposits benefitted most from the protection of uninsured depositors. Banking organizations with total assets over
 50 billion would pay more than 95 percent of the special assessment and banking organizations with total assets under 5 billion would
not be subject to the special assessment. Under the current provisions of this notice of proposed rulemaking, we believe that we would
not be impacted by the special assessment associated with the most recent banking organization closures. 

Strong competition within our market areas
could hurt our profits and slow growth. 

Although we consider ourselves competitive in
our market areas, we face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. Price competition for loans and deposits
might result in our earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits, which reduces net interest income. Some of the institutions
with which we compete have substantially greater resources than we have and may offer services that we do not provide. We expect competition
to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation
in the financial services industry. Our profitability will depend upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market areas. 

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 

We are required to comply with the terms
of a formal written agreement and IMCRs issued by the OCC, and lack of compliance could result in monetary penalties and /or additional
regulatory actions. 

On August 13, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky
entered into a formal written agreement (the Agreement with the OCC, which became effective as of the same date. As a result
of the Agreement, pursuant to 12 C.F.R. 5.51(c)(7)(ii), First Federal of Kentucky is in troubled condition, and is
not an eligible savings association for purposes of 12 C.F.R. 5.3, unless otherwise informed in writing by the OCC.
In addition to the formal written Agreement, the OCC has also imposed individual minimum capital requirements IMCRs on
First Federal of Kentucky. The IMCRs require First Federal of Kentucky to maintain a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 9.0 ,
a tier 1 capital ratio of at least 11.0 , a total capital ratio of at least 12.0 , and a leverage ratio of at least 9.0 . At June 30,
2024, First Federal of Kentucky exceeded the requirements of the IMCRs as its common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its tier
1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its total capital ratio was 16.25 , and its leverage ratio was 10.24 . 

21 

Under the terms of the Agreement, First Federal
of Kentucky is required to take the following actions within the time frames specified in the Agreement: 

create a compliance committee composed of at
least three of First Federal of Kentucky s directors to monitor and oversee First Federal of Kentucky s compliance with the
provisions of the Agreement and submit quarterly evaluation reports to First Federal of Kentucky s board of directors regarding
actions First Federal of Kentucky has taken to comply with the Agreement and the results and status of such actions; 

submit to the OCC, adopt and implement an acceptable
revised written three-year strategic plan establishing objectives for First Federal of Kentucky s overall risk profile, balance
sheet mix, funding structure, interest rate risk, liquidity and capital adequacy, earnings performance, and asset and core deposit growth,
together with strategies to achieve those objectives; 

submit to the OCC, adopt and implement an acceptable
revised written succession plan for First Federal of Kentucky that is designed to promote adequate staffing and continuity of capable
management; 

adopt a revised written liquidity risk management
program for First Federal of Kentucky that provides for the identification, measurement, monitoring, and control of First Federal of Kentucky s
liquidity risk exposure, and that emphasizes the importance of cash flow projections, diversified funding sources, a cushion of highly
liquid assets, robust liquidity stress testing scenario analyses, and a formal, well-developed contingency funding plan as primary tools
for measuring and managing liquidity risk; and 

adopt a revised written interest rate risk program
that includes risk management systems to identify, measure, monitor, and control interest rate risk. 

The Agreement requires First Federal of Kentucky s
Board to (i) ensure that First Federal of Kentucky timely adopts and implements all corrective actions required by the Agreement and (ii)
verify that First Federal of Kentucky adheres to the corrective actions and that they are effective in addressing First Federal of Kentucky s
deficiencies that resulted in the Agreement. 

The Agreement will remain in effect until it is
amended by First Federal of Kentucky and the OCC, or the OCC modifies, waives or terminates the Agreement. While First Federal of Kentucky
is subject to the Agreement, we expect that the Board and management will be required to focus considerable time and attention on taking
corrective actions to comply with its terms. 

First Federal of Kentucky s Board and management
are committed to fully addressing the provisions of the Agreement within the required time frames. The OCC may determine, however, in
its sole discretion that the issues raised by the Agreement have not been addressed satisfactorily, or that any current or past actions,
violations or deficiencies could be the subject of further regulatory enforcement actions. If the OCC were to determine that First Federal
of Kentucky was not in compliance with the Agreement, it would have available various remedies, including among others, the power to enjoin
 unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice,
to direct an increase in capital, to restrict the growth of First Federal of Kentucky, to remove officers and/or directors, to assess
civil monetary penalties, and to impose limitations on our business at First Federal of Kentucky, any of which could negatively affect
our ability to implement our business plan and pay dividends on or our common stock, and may negatively affect the value of our common
stock as well as our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in laws and regulations and the
cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and/or increase our costs of operations. 

The Banks are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination
by the OCC. The Company is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board. Such regulation
and supervision govern the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage and is intended primarily for the protection
of the federal deposit insurance fund and the depositors of the Banks rather than the protection of the Company s stockholders.
Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions
on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the adequacy of the level of our allowance for credit losses.
These regulations, along with existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance and monetary laws, rules, standards, policies, and interpretations,
control the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax compliance, and govern financial
reporting and disclosures. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation
or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. Further, changes in accounting standards can be both difficult to
predict and involve judgment and discretion in their interpretation by us and our independent accounting firm. These changes could materially
impact, potentially even retroactively, how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 

22 

Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act,
Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. 

The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require
financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities.
If such activities are suspected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s
Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and
verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in
fines or sanctions, including restrictions on pursuing any acquisitions or establishing or acquiring new branches. The policies and procedures
we have adopted that are designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations may not be effective in preventing violations
of these laws and regulations. Furthermore, these rules and regulations continue to evolve and expand. We have not been subject to fines
or other penalties, or have suffered business or reputational harm, as a result of money laundering activities in the past. 

Monetary policies and regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition to being affected by general economic
conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve
Board is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these
objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments to the discount rate and changes in banks 
reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and
the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.
The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial
institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial
condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 

We may be adversely affected by recent
changes in U.S. tax laws and regulations. 

Changes in tax laws contained in the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act, which was enacted in December 2017, include a number of provisions that will have an impact on the banking industry,
borrowers and the market for residential real estate. Included in this legislation were: (i) a lower limit on the deductibility
of mortgage interest on single-family residential mortgage loans, (ii) the elimination of interest deductions for home equity loans,
(iii) a limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense and (iv) a limitation on the deductibility of property taxes and
state and local income taxes. 

The recent changes in the tax laws may have an
adverse effect on the market for, and valuation of, residential properties, and on the demand for such loans in the future, and could
make it harder for borrowers to make their loan payments. If home ownership becomes less attractive, demand for mortgage loans could
decrease. The value of the properties securing loans in our loan portfolio may be adversely impacted as a result of the changing economics
of home ownership, which could require an increase in our provision for loan losses, which would reduce our profitability and could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to more stringent
capital requirements which could result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and limit our ability
to pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. 

Federal regulations establish minimum capital
requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, and define capital 
for calculating these ratios. The minimum capital requirements are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier
1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 (increased from 4 ); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 (unchanged from current rules); and
(iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The regulations also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , and will result
in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7 ; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5 ;
and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The new capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625 
of risk-weighted assets and increased each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be subject to limitations
on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount.
These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such actions. As of June 30,
2024, the capital levels of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky exceed the required capital amounts according to the
Community Bank Leverage Ratio regulations and we believe they also meet the fully-phased in minimum capital requirements. As previously
discussed, in August 2024, First Federal of Kentucky entered into an Agreement with the OCC. The OCC has also imposed IMCRs which require
First Federal of Kentucky to achieve and maintain capital levels in excess of the minimum capital standards required under OCC s
Prompt Corrective Action framework. Under the IMCRs, First Federal of Kentucky must achieve and maintain a common equity tier 1 capital
ratio of at least 9.0 , a tier 1 capital ratio of at least 11.0 , a total capital ratio of at least 12.0 , and a leverage ratio of at
least 9.0 . At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky exceeded the requirements of the IMCRs as its common equity tier 1 capital ratio
was 16.25 , its tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its total capital ratio was 16.25 , and its leverage ratio was 10.24 See Note K-Stockholders 
Equity and Regulatory Capital of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

23 

The
application of more stringent capital requirements for us could among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising
of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions constraining us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares if we were unable
to comply with such requirements. See Regulation and Supervision Regulation of Federal Savings Associations Capital
Requirements. 

The Federal Reserve Board may require us to commit capital resources
to support the Banks. 

Federal law requires that a holding company act
as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support such subsidiary banks. Under
the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve Board may require a holding company to make capital injections into
a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources
to a subsidiary bank. A capital injection may be required at times when the holding company may not have the resources to provide it
and therefore may be required to borrow the funds or raise capital. Thus, any borrowing or funds needed to raise capital required to
make a capital injection may be more expensive or difficult to obtain and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Accounting Matters 

Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and our financial condition or operating results. 

In preparing the periodic reports and consolidated
financial statements we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our management is and will be required under applicable
rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s
best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur
as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management
include our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, and the fair value
of financial instruments. 

Changes in accounting standards could affect reported earnings. 

The bodies responsible for establishing accounting
standards, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory bodies, periodically
change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be
hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. In
some cases, we could be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively. 

If we are required to impair our goodwill,
intangibles, or other long-lived assets, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other and ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, we are required to perform an annual
impairment review of goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets which could result in an impairment charge if it is determined
that the carrying value of the assets are in excess of the fair value. We perform the impairment test annually during our fourth fiscal
quarter. Goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets are also tested more frequently if changes in circumstances or the occurrence
of events indicates that a potential impairment exists. When changes in circumstances, such as changes in the variables associated with
the judgments, assumptions and estimates made in assessing the appropriate fair value indicate the carrying amount of certain assets
may not be recoverable, the assets are evaluated for impairment. If actual operating results differ from these assumptions, it may result
in an asset impairment. As of June 30, 2020, management early adopted ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying
the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which simplifies the required method for estimating the fair value of the Company. Future write-downs
of intangibles and other long-lived assets could affect certain of the financial covenants under our debt agreements, could restrict
our financial flexibility, and would impact our results of operations. In the period ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded a goodwill
impairment charge, which had no tax impact, of 947,000, which represents 100.0 of goodwill previously reported. 

24 

Risks Related to Operational Matters 

We are subject to certain risks in connection
with our use of technology. 

Our security measures may not be sufficient to
mitigate the risk of a cyber attack. Communications and information systems are essential to the conduct of our business, as we use such
systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger and virtually all other aspects of our business. Our operations rely
on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although
we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software, and
networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber attacks that
could have a security impact. If one or more of these events occur, this could jeopardize our or our customers confidential and
other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions
or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers or counterparties. We may be required to expend significant additional
resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject
to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. We
could also suffer significant reputational damage. 

Security breaches in our Internet banking activities
could further expose us to possible liability and damage our reputation. Any compromise of our security also could deter customers from
using our Internet banking services that involve the transmission of confidential information. We rely on standard Internet security
systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of data. These precautions may not protect
our systems from compromises or breaches of our security measures, which could result in significant legal liability and significant
damage to our reputation and our business. 

Our security measures may not protect us
from systems failures or interruptions. 

While we have established policies and procedures
to prevent or limit the impact of systems failures and interruptions, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or that
they will be adequately addressed if they do. In addition, we outsource certain aspects of our data processing and other operational
functions to certain third-party providers. If our third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficulty in communicating
with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely
impacted. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various other vendors and their
personnel. 

The occurrence of any failures or interruptions
may require us to identify alternative sources of such services, and we cannot assure you that we could negotiate terms that are as favorable
to us or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in our existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources,
if at all. Further, the occurrence of any systems failure or interruption could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers
and business, could subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or could expose us to legal liability. Any of these occurrences could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We must keep pace with technological change
to remain competitive. 

Financial products and services have become increasingly
technology-driven. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers competitively, and in a cost-efficient manner, is dependent on the
ability to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology as it becomes available, as well as related essential
personnel. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry into the financial services market and made it possible for financial
technology companies and other non-bank entities to offer financial products and services traditionally provided by banks. The ability
to keep pace with technological change is important, and the failure to do so, due to cost, proficiency or otherwise, could have a material
adverse impact on our business and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations. 

25 

Risks Related to Our Holding Company Structure 

First Federal MHC owns a majority of our
common stock and is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders, including preventing sale or merger
transactions you may like or a second-step conversion by First Federal MHC. 

First Federal MHC owns a majority of our common stock and, through
its Board of Directors, is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders. As a federally chartered mutual
holding company, the board of directors of First Federal MHC must ensure that the interests of depositors of First Federal of Hazard are
represented and considered in matters put to a vote of stockholders of Kentucky First. Therefore, the votes cast by First Federal MHC
may not be in your personal best interests as a stockholder. For example, First Federal MHC may exercise its voting control to prevent
a sale or merger transaction in which stockholders could receive a premium for their shares, prevent a second-step conversion transaction
by First Federal MHC or defeat a stockholder nominee for election to the Board of Directors of Kentucky First Federal. However, implementation
of a stock-based incentive plan will require approval of Kentucky First Federal s stockholders other than First Federal MHC. Federal
Reserve Board regulations would likely prevent an acquisition of Kentucky First other than by another mutual holding company or a mutual
institution. 

Our ability to pay future dividends is subject
to the ability of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to make capital distributions to Kentucky First Federal and the
waiver of dividends by First Federal MHC. On January 16, 2024, we announced that the Board had determined to suspend the payment of dividends
indefinitely. 

Our long-term ability to pay dividends to our
stockholders is based primarily upon the ability of the Banks to make capital distributions to Kentucky First Federal, and also on the
availability of cash at the holding company level in the event earnings are not sufficient to pay dividends according to the cash dividend
payout policy. Under Office of the Comptroller of the Currency safe harbor regulations, the Banks may each distribute to Kentucky First
capital not exceeding net retained income for the current calendar year and the prior two calendar years. 

First Federal MHC owns a majority of Kentucky
First Federal s outstanding stock. First Federal MHC has historically waived its right to dividends on the Kentucky First common
shares it owns and, without the waiver of such dividends, the amount of dividends paid to public stockholders is significantly higher
than it would be if First Federal MHC accepted dividends. First Federal MHC is not required to waive dividends, but Kentucky First expects
this practice to continue, subject to member and regulatory approval annually, to the extent Kentucky First continues to pay dividends
in future periods. First Federal MHC is required to obtain a waiver from the Federal Reserve Board allowing it to waive its right to dividends. 

The Federal Reserve Board in 2011 issued regulations
that govern the activities of Kentucky First Federal and First Federal MHC and the regulations were implemented in the fourth quarter
of 2011. Under Section 239.8(d) of the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation MM governing dividend waivers, a mutual holding company
may waive its right to dividends on shares of its subsidiary if the mutual holding company gives written notice of the waiver to the Federal
Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Board does not object. For a company such as First Federal MHC that waived dividends prior to December
1, 2009, the Federal Reserve Board may not object to a dividend waiver if such waiver would not be detrimental to the safety and soundness
of the savings association subsidiary and the board of directors of the mutual holding company expressly determines that such dividend
waiver is consistent with the board s fiduciary duties to the members of the mutual holding company. 

To address concerns with respect to the conflict
of interest created by dividend waivers, Regulation MM requires the board of directors of the mutual holding company to adopt a resolution
that describes the conflict of interest that exists because of a director s ownership of stock in the subsidiary declaring the dividends
and any actions the mutual holding company board have taken to eliminate the conflict of interest, such as the directors waiving
their right to receive dividends. Also, the resolution must contain an affirmation that a majority of the mutual members eligible to vote
have, within the 12 months prior to the declaration date of the dividend, voted to approve the waiver of dividends. 

First Federal MHC has received Federal Reserve
Board approval to waive quarterly dividends totaling 0.40 per share annually beginning with the dividend paid on September 28, 2012
and continuing through the dividend payable in the third quarter of 2024. It is expected that First Federal MHC will continue to waive
future dividends, to the extent Kentucky First continues to pay dividends in future periods, except to the extent dividends are needed
to fund First Federal MHC s continuing operations, subject to the ability of First Federal MHC to obtain regulatory approval of
its requests to waive dividends and to its ability to obtain member approval of dividend waivers. We cannot predict whether members will
continue to approve annual dividend waiver requests or whether the Federal Reserve Board will grant future dividend waiver requests and,
if granted, there can be no assurance as to the conditions, if any, the Federal Reserve Board will place on future dividend waiver requests
by grandfathered mutual holding companies such as First Federal MHC. If First Federal MHC is unable to waive the receipt of dividends,
our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders may be substantially impaired and the amounts of any such dividends may be significantly
reduced. 

On January 16, 2024, we announced that the Board
had determined to suspend the payment of dividends indefinitely. For additional information regarding suspension of our quarterly dividend,
please see Liquidity Risk - On January 16, 2024, the Company announced the suspension of quarterly dividends
indefinitely. The suspension of our quarterly cash dividend could have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 

26 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 

None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity . 

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 

The Company regards information and data as valuable
assets. As a result, we have implemented safeguards to protect corporate informational and data assets. Associated and established technology
resources maintain the integrity, availability, and privacy of confidential information of the respective assets. Additionally, we maintain
a similar risk-based approach to our third-party vendors including identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks they present. 

Integration into Overall Risk Management System

The Company employs comprehensive methodologies
for risk assessment and diligently identifies and evaluates potential cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities across our systems, networks
and data assets. This process involves regular examinations of emerging threats, conducting penetration tests, vulnerability scanning
and thorough analysis of industry-specific risks. 

The Company continues to expand investments in
information technology security, including continuous end-user training, layered defenses, identifying and protecting critical assets,
strengthening monitoring and alerting. 

The Company s Information Security Officer ISO is responsible for completing additional mandatory training to understand the processes, procedures, and technical
requirements for securing information assets across the Company. 

The Company has developed an Incident Response
Plan to guide its actions in responding to real and suspected information security incidents. This includes unlawful, unauthorized, or
unacceptable actions that involve a computer system or a computer network such as Distributed Denial of Service attacks, Corporate Account
Takeover schemes, or ransomware. Cybersecurity threats that are identified and deemed material are escalated and communicated directly
to the Incident Response Team, in collaboration with relevant information technology personnel, insurance providers, legal counsels and
when necessary, external cybersecurity firms specializing in forensic investigations. 

The Company sets forth enterprise-wide coordinated
responses to identified threats, ensuring timely mitigation and remediation, and facilitating awareness and communication. Tabletop exercises
are held regularly at the senior and executive management levels to validate roles and responsibilities, and response protocols respective
to cybersecurity threats. 

Third-party Access 

The Company has a fully integrated third-party
risk management program to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate risks associated with third-party relationships, including cybersecurity
risks. Under the program, risk ratings are assigned to each of the vendors based on an assessment of the vendor and its access to networks,
systems, and confidential information. An assessment is conducted on each vendor to identify and measure the risks from cybersecurity
threats that could impact our customer s data and our environment. Third parties that have access to our systems or customer data
must have appropriate technical and organizational security measures and security control principles based on commercially acceptable
security standards, and we require third parties in this class to agree by contract to manage their cybersecurity risks. 

Material Cybersecurity Threat Risks 

The Company has not experienced any material losses
relating to cybersecurity threats or incidents for the year ended June 30, 2024. We are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats,
including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect
the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Although we have a robust cybersecurity program
that is designed to assess, identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, we cannot provide absolute surety that we
have properly identified or mitigated all vulnerabilities or risks of incidents. The Company, and the third parties that the Company engages,
are subject to constant and evolving threats of attack and cybersecurity incidents may be more difficult to detect for periods of time.
A cybersecurity incident could harm our business strategy, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, and/or subject us to
regulatory actions or litigation which may result in fines, judgments or indictments. 

27 

Cybersecurity Governance 

The Board of Directors is acutely aware of the
critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board has oversight responsibilities to ensure effective
governance in managing these risks because it recognizes the significance of these threats to our operational integrity, shareholder and
customer confidence and reputation. 

Board of Directors Oversight 

The Board is responsible for the oversight of
cybersecurity risk management and is composed of members with expertise in risk management, technology, and finance, thereby equipping
them to manage and prevent cybersecurity risks effectively. 

Management s Role in Managing Risk 

The ISO plays a pivotal role in informing the
Board of Directors on cybersecurity risks. The ISO, other information security staff, and members of senior management meet regularly
as the Technology Steering Committee. Reports of their meetings are shared with the boards of our subsidiary banks. Committee reports
provide comprehensive briefings to both the Board and the Audit Committee as part of managements reporting. These briefings encompass
a broad range of topics, including: 

Current cybersecurity landscape and emerging
threats; 

Status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and
strategies; 

Incident reports and issues identified from any
cybersecurity events; and 

Compliance with regulatory requirements and industry
standards. 

In addition to our regularly scheduled Board meetings,
the ISO regularly communicates with senior staff regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks. They discuss any significant developments
in the cybersecurity domain, which when reported to the Board, ensures the Board s oversight is proactive and responsive. The Board
actively participates in strategic decisions related to cybersecurity, offering guidance and approval for major initiatives. This involvement
ensures that cybersecurity considerations are integrated into the broader strategic objectives of the Company. The Board closely reviews
these reports of the Bank s cybersecurity posture and the effectiveness of its risk management strategies prior to approval. This
review helps in identifying areas for improvement and ensuring the alignment of cybersecurity efforts with the overall risk management
framework. 

Cyber Risk Management Personnel 

The ISO directly reports to the CEO. The ISO regularly
meets with the CEO to update and discuss any cybersecurity risks and incidents affecting the Company. This ensures that the highest levels
of management are kept abreast of the cybersecurity posture and potential risks facing the Company. Furthermore, all significant cybersecurity
matters and strategic risk management decisions are promptly escalated to the Board of Directors, ensuring that they have an up-to-date,
comprehensive understanding of and can provide guidance on critical cybersecurity issues. 

Primary responsibility for assessing and providing
strategic direction to our cybersecurity program resides with our ISO. The ISO s experience includes prior leadership roles within
the Company, where they developed an expert level of understanding of the intersection between financial regulations and cloud-based technologies.
The ISO and other information systems staff possess in-depth knowledge and experience which are instrumental in developing and executing
our cybersecurity strategies. The ISO and the Tech Steering Committee oversee our governance programs, work with our technology-focused
leaders and partners to align security and compliance, and have developed our employee security awareness training program. 

Monitoring Cybersecurity Incidents 

The ISO and other information security staff utilizes
vendor relationships and various other internet based daily updates for the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential
threats and innovative risk management techniques. This knowledge is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and
remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The ISO provides structure for clear processes to ensure the regular monitoring of our information
systems. This includes the deployment of advanced security measures and regular system audits to identify potential vulnerabilities. In
the event of a cybersecurity incident, we believe we are equipped with a well-defined Incident Response Plan that is adequately resourced.
This plan includes immediate actions to mitigate the impact and long-term strategies for remediation and prevent future incidents. 

28 

Item 2. Properties . 

We conduct our business through seven offices.
The following table sets forth certain information relating to our offices at June 30, 2024. 

Year Opened/ Acquired 
 Owned or Leased 
 Net Book Value at June
 30, 2024 
 Approximate Square Footage 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 First Federal of Hazard Main Office: 655 Main Street Hazard, Kentucky 41701 
 2016 
 Owned 
 646 
 5,600 

First Federal of
 Kentucky Main Office: 216 West Main Street Frankfort, Kentucky
 40601 
 2005 
 Owned 
 847 
 14,000 

194 Versailles Road Frankfort, Kentucky 40601 
 2015 
 Owned 
 788 
 2,700 

1220 US 127 South Frankfort, Kentucky 40601 
 2005 
 Owned 
 420 
 2,480 

340 West Main Street Danville, Kentucky 40422 
 2012 
 Owned 
 477 
 8,700 

120 Skywatch Drive Danville, Kentucky 40422 
 2012 
 Owned 
 648 
 2,300 

208 Lexington Street Lancaster, Kentucky 40444 
 2012 
 Owned 
 376 
 4,300 

The net book value of our investment in premises
and equipment was 4.3 million at June 30, 2024. See Note E of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 

From time to time, we may be defendants in claims
and lawsuits against us, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we hold security interests,
claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business. We are not a party to any
pending legal proceedings that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) 
 The information contained
 under the sections captioned Market Information in the Company s Annual Report to Stockholders for the
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024 (the Annual Report filed as Exhibit 13 hereto is incorporated herein by reference. 

(b) 
 Not applicable. 

(c) 
 The Company repurchased no equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during any quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

(d) 
 The company repurchased the following equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Period 
 (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share 
 (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 (d) Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 
 April 2023 Beginning date: April 1 Ending date: April 30 

10,980 

May 2023 Beginning date: May 1 Ending date: May 31 
 10,980 
 6.05 
 10,980 

June 2023 Beginning date: June 1 Ending date: June 30 

Total 
 10,980 
 6.05 
 10,980 
 10,980 

(1) 
 On May 18, 2023, the Company announced that
 it had substantially completed its program to repurchase up to 150,000 shares of its Common Stock, which was initiated on February
 3, 2021. 

30 

Item 6. [Reserved] . 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

The information contained in the section captioned
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Annual Report,
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk . 

This item is not applicable, as the Company is
a smaller reporting company. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data . 

The Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Selected Financial Data, which are
listed under Item 15 herein, are included in the Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 

(a) 
 Disclosure Controls
 and Procedures 

The Company s management, including the
Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits
under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

31 

(b) 
 Internal Control Over
 Financial Reporting 

Parent Company of First Federal Savings and Loan Association of
Hazard and First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL
CONTROL 

OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Management of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp
(the Company is responsible for the preparation, integrity, and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
included in this annual report. The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and, as such, include some amounts that are based on the best estimates
and judgments of management. 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control system is designed to provide
reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the reliability of the company s financial reporting and
the preparation and presentation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, as well as to safeguard assets from unauthorized use or disposition. The system of internal
control over financial reporting is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal
audit with actions taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. Because of inherent limitations in any internal control
system, no matter how well designed, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, including the possibility of
the circumvention or overriding controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over
time. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the
company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 COSO ). 

Based on this assessment and on the forgoing
criteria, management has concluded that, as of June 30, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to
issuers that are not large accelerated filers or accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act. 

/s/
 Don D. Jennings 
 
 /s/
 Tyler W. Eades 
 
 Don D. Jennings 
 
 Tyler W. Eades 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

32 

(c) 
 Changes to Internal
 Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information . 

During the three months ended June 30, 2024, director or officer
of the Company adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, or any non-Rule 10b-5 trading arrangement, 
as such terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

33 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers,
and Corporate Governance . 

Directors 

The information contained under the section captioned
 Item I Election of Directors in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2024
Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Executive Officers 

The information regarding the Company s
executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to Item I Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement. 

Corporate Governance 

Information regarding the Company s Audit
Committee and Audit Committee financial expert is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Corporate Governance
and Board Matters Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee in the Proxy Statement. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Information regarding compliance with Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to section captioned Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive
Officers Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. 

Disclosure of Code of Ethics 

Kentucky First has adopted a Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers and employees. To obtain a copy of this document at no charge, please
write to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp, P.O. Box 535, Frankfort, Kentucky 40602-0535, or call toll-free (888) 818-3372 and ask for Investor
Relations. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

The information contained under the section captioned
 Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

34 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

(a) 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners. Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock
 Ownership in the Proxy Statement. 

(b) 
 Security Ownership of
 Management. Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership 
 in the Proxy Statement. 

(c) 
 Changes in Control.
 Management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation
 of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

(d) 
 Equity Compensation
 Plans. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Company s equity compensation plans as of
 June 30, 2024. 

(a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence . 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference to the section captioned Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive Officers Transactions
with Related Persons in the Proxy Statement. 

Corporate Governance 

For information regarding director independence,
the section captioned, Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Independence is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services . 

The information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference to the section captioned Audit Related Matters in the Proxy Statement. 

35 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules . 

(a) 
 List of Documents
 Filed as Part of This Report 

(1) 
 Financial Statements .
 The following consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference from Item 8 hereof (see Exhibit 13): 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID 22 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (FORVIS, LLP, Louisville, KY, PCAOB ID 686) 24 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 26 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 27 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 28 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 29 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 30 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 32 

(2) 
 Financial Statement
 Schedules . All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is
 included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. 

36 

(3) 
 Exhibits .
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is also the Exhibit Index. 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 1 
 
 Charter of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.2 2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.3 3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.4 4 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.5 5 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 4.1 1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 4.2 6 
 
 Description of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp s Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10.1 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between Kentucky First Federal Bancorp and Don D. Jennings, as amended 
 
 10.2 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and Don D. Jennings, as amended 
 
 10.3 7 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Kentucky First Federal Bancorp and R. Clay Hulette, as amended 
 
 10.4 7 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and R. Clay Hulette, as amended 
 
 10.5 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and Teresa Kuhl, as amended 
 
 10.6 7 
 
 Amended and Restated First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard Change in Control Severance Compensation Plan 
 
 10.7 7 
 
 Amended and Restated First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky Change in Control Severance Compensation Plan 
 
 10.8 7 
 
 Amended and Restated First Federal Savings and Loan Association Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 10.15 6 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between First Federal Savings and Loan of Hazard and Jamie S. Coffey 
 
 10.16 8 
 
 Formal Written Agreement, dated August 13, 2024, between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 

13 
 
 Annual Report to Stockholders for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024 

16 9 
 
 Letter of FORVIS, LLP dated November 29, 2023 to the SEC 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 97 
 
 Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Incentive-Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible
 Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows and the (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or
 compensation plan or arrangement. 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-119041). 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 0-51176). 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2017 (File No. 000-51176). 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2020 (File No. 000-51176). 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 (File No. 000-51176). 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 0-51176). 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 0-51176). 

(8) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form
8-K filed on August 15, 2024 (File No. 000-51176). 

(9) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form
8-K filed on November 29, 2023 (File No. 000-51176). 

(b) 
 Exhibits . The
 exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are either filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference
 herein. 

(c) 
 Financial Statements
 and Schedules Excluded from Annual Report . There are no other financial statements and financial statement schedules which
 were excluded from the Annual Report to Stockholders pursuant to Rule 14a-3(b) which are required to be included herein. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

Not applicable. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

October 3, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Don D.
 Jennings 

Don D. Jennings 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Don D. Jennings 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 Don
 D. Jennings 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Tyler W. Eades 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 Tyler
 W. Eades 

Vice
 President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Walter G. Ecton, Jr. 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 Walter
 G. Ecton, Jr. 

Chairman
 of the Board 

/s/
 Stephen G. Barker 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 Stephen
 G. Barker 

Director 

/s/
 R. Clay Hulette 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 R.
 Clay Hulette 

Director 

/s/
 Lou Ella Farler 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 Lou
 Ella Farler 

Director 

/s/
 William D. Gorman, Jr. 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 William
 D. Gorman, Jr. 

Director 

/s/
 David R. Harrod 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 David
 R. Harrod 

Director 

/s/
 William H. Johnson 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 
 William
 H. Johnson 

Director 

38 

<EX-13>
 2
 ea021544001ex13_kentucky.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024

Exhibit 13 

Parent company of 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard 

and 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

2024 

Annual Report 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Kentucky First Federal or the Company was formed under federal law in March 2005 and is the holding company
for First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard, Hazard, Kentucky First Federal of Hazard and First Federal
Savings Bank of Kentucky, Frankfort, Kentucky First Federal of Kentucky (collectively, the Banks ). Kentucky
First Federal s operations consist primarily of operating the Banks as two independent, community-oriented savings institutions. 

First Federal of Hazard is
a federally chartered savings and loan association offering traditional financial services to consumers in Perry and surrounding counties
in eastern Kentucky. First Federal of Hazard engages primarily in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using
such funds to originate, when available, loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, residential real estate and, occasionally,
other loans secured by real estate. To the extent there is insufficient loan demand in its market area, and where appropriate under its
investment policies, First Federal of Hazard has historically invested in mortgage-backed and other securities, although since formation
of the Company in 2005, First Federal of Hazard has been purchasing whole loans and participations in loans originated at First Federal
of Kentucky. 

First Federal of Kentucky
is a federally chartered savings bank which is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and the
origination primarily of adjustable-rate loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied and non-owner-occupied one-to four-family
residences in Franklin, Boyle, Garrard and surrounding counties in Kentucky. First Federal of Kentucky also originates, to a lesser extent,
home equity loans, loans secured by churches, multi-family properties, professional office buildings and other types of property, as
well as consumer loans and commercial and industrial loans. 

MARKET INFORMATION 

The Company s common
stock began trading under the symbol KFFB on the Nasdaq National Market on March 3, 2005. There are currently 8,086,715
shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 500 holders of record of the common stock. Following are the high and low closing
prices, by fiscal quarter, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market during the periods indicated, as well as dividends declared on the
common stock during each quarter. 

Fiscal 2024 
 High 
 Low 
 Dividends Per Share 
 
 First quarter 
 6.56 
 4.96 
 0.10 
 
 Second quarter 
 5.50 
 3.76 
 0.10 
 
 Third quarter 
 4.43 
 3.79 
 - 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 3.90 
 3.12 
 - 

Fiscal 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 Dividends Per Share 
 
 First quarter 
 8.05 
 7.10 
 0.10 
 
 Second quarter 
 7.88 
 6.62 
 0.10 
 
 Third quarter 
 7.32 
 6.00 
 0.10 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 6.84 
 5.48 
 0.10 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Kentucky
 First Federal Bancorp 
 i 
 
 Market
 Information 
 i 
 
 Letter
 to Shareholders 
 1 
 
 Selected
 Consolidated Financial and Other Data 
 2 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 26 

ii 

Dear Shareholder: 

We are pleased to present the 2024 Annual Report
for Kentucky First Federal Bancorp. We encourage you to read both the Annual Report and Proxy Statement. We encourage you to
vote and, if possible, to attend our annual meeting on November 14, 2024 as we return to The Challenger Center on the campus of Hazard
Community and Technical College for this year s meeting. The location is One Community College Drive in Hazard, KY. 

This has been a difficult year for our Company.
For the year ended June 30, 2024, we experienced a net loss of 1.7 million. Please note that 947,000 of that loss was a non-cash write
off due to an impairment of goodwill. This portion of the loss has no effect on the capital ratios at our subsidiary banks. But the remainder
was indeed a significant loss which was primarily the result of lower net interest income. The cost of our funds increased faster than
the returns on our assets, mostly loans, increased. The lower income precipitated our decision, announced on January 16, 2024, to suspend
our dividend. Low income and the lack of a dividend has caused continued deterioration in our stock price. In addition, our larger subsidiary,
First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky entered into a formal agreement with its primary regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency, which will require the bank to adopt a revised strategic plan, a revised succession plan, and revised Liquidity and Interest
Rate Risk management programs. 

Ultimately, our response to the agreement, and part of our earnings
plan, for both banks, will be to reduce reliance on non-core funding. As wholesale funding sources are usually more sensitive to interest
rate changes, the increased market rates in 2022 and 2023 caused our costs to escalate quickly, followed by increases to our retail deposits.
Our loan portfolio is primarily made up of adjustable-rate mortgages what have adjusted or will adjust after a set fixed period, and will
continue to adjust, but the speed of the increase in costs has so far outpaced the rise in returns. 

However, we believe that the worst of this period
is over. Our net interest income has increased in the last two quarters. The 0.5 interest rate cut announced by the Federal Reserve
on September 18, 2024, was welcome and will help to ease pressure on our margin. Our plan going forward will depend on an expanding margin
with some deleveraging of our owner-occupied portfolio. With increasing rates on their adjustable-rate loans, we believe many borrowers
will be looking to find a fixed rate option, which we hope to provide and earn fee income from selling the loan to the secondary market. 

Another key aspect of our plan is to continue to build our commitment
and reliance on our local communities. In March, First Federal of Kentucky introduced our Hometown Banking line of consumer
and business deposit products. Since, we have taken every available opportunity to promote our commitment to customer service through
superior deposit products across our communities. We will continue to build our local deposit base and we would appreciate your
support. In this connection, please consider our banks for your deposit needs. 

There have been some major personnel changes in the last year. First,
our original Chief Financial Officer, Clay Hulette, who also served as Area President of First Federal of Kentucky, retired at the first
of this year. Clay was instrumental in the formation of our Company and his hard work and wise counsel were of immense value. Clay has
continued to serve as a director of First Federal of Kentucky and in August was appointed to the board of the Company. Clay was replaced
as CFO by Tyler Eades. Also, our Secretary, Lee Ann Hockensmith, who also served as the Chief Customer Officer at First Federal of Kentucky,
left our employment in August to take a position in another industry. Jaime Coffey, President and CEO of First Federal of Hazard, was
appointed to take her place as Secretary. Finally, our longtime Chairman and one-time Chief Executive Officer Tony Whitaker, retired on
August 1, 2024. Tony had served the banking industry for over 50 years and developed the ideas behind the foundation of our Company. His
replacement as Chairman of the Company is long-time director Walter G. Ecton Jr. and his replacement as Chair of First Federal of Hazard
is director and long-time employee and CEO Lou Ella R. Farler. 

It has been a truly eventful year, but the commitment
of our board, our management, and our staff to return to profitability and to resolve our regulatory issues has not waivered. 

Sincerely, 

Don Jennings 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

1 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER
DATA 

Selected Financial Condition Data 

At June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Total assets 
 374,968 
 349,022 
 328,080 
 338,063 
 321,136 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 18,287 
 8,167 
 25,823 
 21,648 
 13,702 
 
 Time deposits 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 247 
 2,229 
 
 Securities held to maturity 
 213 
 274 
 339 
 462 
 598 
 
 Securities available for sale 
 9,648 
 12,080 
 10,477 
 33 
 541 
 
 Loans, net 
 333,025 
 313,807 
 274,583 
 297,902 
 285,887 
 
 Deposits 
 256,139 
 226,309 
 239,857 
 226,843 
 212,273 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 68,988 
 70,087 
 34,066 
 56,873 
 54,715 
 
 Shareholders equity 
 47,997 
 50,711 
 52,025 
 52,296 
 51,911 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 2,127 
 1,634 
 1,529 
 1,622 
 1,488 
 
 Nonperforming loans (90 days delinquent and nonaccrual) 
 3,896 
 4,701 
 5,819 
 6,655 
 7,395 

Selected Financial Condition Data 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Total interest income 
 16,277 
 12,758 
 10,914 
 12,152 
 12,823 
 
 Total interest expense 
 9,283 
 3,902 
 1,754 
 2,141 
 3,499 
 
 Net interest income 
 6,994 
 8,856 
 9,160 
 10,011 
 9,324 
 
 Credit loss expense (benefit) 
 24 
 113 
 (60 
 192 
 103 
 
 Net interest income after provision for losses on loans 
 6,970 
 8,743 
 9,220 
 9,819 
 9,221 
 
 Total non-interest income 
 251 
 302 
 515 
 595 
 399 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 947 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,560 
 
 Total non-interest expenses 
 8,234 
 7,818 
 7,668 
 8,242 
 8,343 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (1,960 
 1,227 
 2,067 
 2,172 
 (12,283 
 
 Income taxes (benefit) 
 (239 
 294 
 477 
 352 
 264 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (1,721 
 933 
 1,590 
 1,820 
 (12,547 
 
 Net earnings (loss) per share-basic and diluted 
 (0.21 
 0.11 
 0.19 
 0.22 
 (1.52 
 
 Cash dividends declared per common share 
 0.20 
 0.40 
 0.40 
 0.40 
 0.40 

2 

Selected Financial Ratios and Other Data (1) 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets (net income (loss)
 divided by average total assets) 
 -0.47 
 0.28 
 0.47 
 0.55 
 -3.80 
 
 Return on average equity (net income (loss) divided by
 average equity) 
 -3.49 
 1.81 
 3.04 
 3.50 
 -19.01 
 
 Interest rate spread (combined weighted average interest
 rate earned less combined weighted average interest rate cost) 
 1.49 
 2.48 
 2.68 
 3.00 
 2.82 
 
 Net interest margin (net interest income divided by average
 interest-earning assets) 
 1.98 
 2.73 
 2.81 
 3.14 
 3.05 
 
 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing
 liabilities 
 118.66 
 120.50 
 122.95 
 120.39 
 119.57 
 
 Ratio of total general administrative and other expenses
 to average total assets 
 2.53 
 2.33 
 2.28 
 2.50 
 6.63 
 
 Efficiency
 ratio 1 
 126.72 
 86.43 
 78.77 
 79.14 
 225.27 
 
 Dividend
 payout ratio 2 
 -38.99 
 146.09 
 87.67 
 76.26 
 -11.06 

Asset Quality Ratios: 

Nonperforming
 loans as a percent of total loans at end of period 3 
 1.16 
 1.49 
 2.11 
 2.22 
 2.57 
 
 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets at the
 end of period 
 1.04 
 1.37 
 1.78 
 1.99 
 2.50 
 
 Allowance for creddit losses as a percent of total loans
 at end of period 
 0.63 
 0.52 
 0.55 
 0.54 
 0.52 
 
 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of total nonperforming
 loans at end of period 
 54.59 
 34.76 
 26.28 
 24.37 
 20.12 
 
 Credit loss expense (benefit) to total loans 
 0.01 
 0.04 
 -0.02 
 0.06 
 0.04 
 
 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 
 0.01 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 0.03 

Capital Ratios: 

Average equity to average assets 
 13.60 
 15.35 
 15.53 
 15.79 
 19.97 
 
 Shareholders equity to total assets at end of period 
 12.80 
 14.53 
 15.86 
 15.47 
 16.16 

Consolidated Regulatory Capital Ratios: 

Common equity Tier 1 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Tier 1 (core) capital to risk-weighted assets 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total capital to risk-weighted assets 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Community Bank Leverage Ratio 
 13.32 
 15.02 
 15.21 
 15.35 
 15.67 

Number of banking offices 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 

1 
 Efficiency ratio represents
 the ratio of non-interest expenses divided by the sum of net interest income and total non-interest income. 

2 
 Represents dividends paid
 as a percent of net (loss) earnings. Dividends paid does not include dividends waived by First Federal MHC. 

3 
 Nonperforming loans consist
 of nonaccrual loans, accruing loans greater than 90 days delinquent, and restructured loans not performing according to their revised
 terms, while nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and real estate acquired through foreclosure. 

3 

MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 

CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

References in this Annual
Report to we, us, and our refer to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp and where appropriate, collectively
to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain
statements contained in this report, as well as other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that are not
historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as believe, 
 expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, intend and potential, 
or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs such as should, could, or may. Forward-looking
statements include statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our ability to fully and timely address
the deficiencies that resulted in the Agreement that First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky has entered into with the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency OCC First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky s ability to satisfy the Individual Minimum Capital
Requirements imposed by the OCC; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding
the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. Kentucky First Federal Bancorp s
actual results, performance or achievements may materially differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Risks
and uncertainties that could cause or contribute to such material differences include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions;
prices for real estate in the Company s market areas; the interest rate environment and the impact of the interest rate environment
on our business, financial condition and results of operations; our ability to successfully execute our strategy to increase earnings,
increase core deposits, reduce reliance on higher cost funding sources and shift more of our loan portfolio towards higher-earning loans;
our ability to pay future dividends and if so at what level; our ability to receive any required regulatory approval or non-objection
for the payment of dividends from First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard and First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky to the
Company or from the Company to shareholders; the ability of First Federal MHC to receive approval of its members to waive the payment
of any Company dividends to First Federal MHC competitive conditions in the financial services industry; changes in the level of inflation;
changes in the demand for loans, deposits and other financial services that we provide; the possibility that future credit losses may
be higher than currently expected; competitive pressures among financial services companies; the ability to attract, develop and retain
qualified employees; our ability to maintain the security of our data processing and information technology systems; the outcome of pending
or threatened litigation, or of matters before regulatory agencies; changes in law, governmental policies and regulations, rapidly changing
technology affecting financial services, and the other matters mentioned in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Except as required by applicable law or regulation, the Company does not undertake the responsibility, and specifically disclaims any
obligation, to release publicly the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of the statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

General 

The Company was incorporated
as a mid-tier holding company under the laws of the United States on March 2, 2005, upon the completion of the reorganization of First
Federal of Hazard into a federal mutual holding company form of organization (the Reorganization ). On that date, Kentucky
First Federal also completed its minority stock offering and its concurrent acquisition of Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc. Frankfort
First Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiary, First Federal of Kentucky, Frankfort Kentucky First Federal of Kentucky (the Merger ). Following the Reorganization and Merger, the Company has operated First Federal of Hazard and First Federal
of Kentucky (collectively, the Banks as two independent, community-oriented savings institutions. 

On December 31, 2012, the
Company acquired CKF Bancorp, Inc., a savings and loan holding company which operated three banking locations in Boyle and Garrard Counties
in Kentucky. In accounting for the transaction, the assets and liabilities of CKF Bancorp were recorded on the books of First Federal
of Kentucky in accordance with accounting standard ASC 805, Business Combinations. 

Our results of operations
are dependent primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on our loans and securities and our
cost of funds, consisting of the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Results of operations are also affected by the provision for
losses on loans and service charges and fees collected on our deposit accounts. Our general, administrative, and other expense primarily
consists of employee compensation and benefits expense, occupancy and equipment expense, data processing expense, other operating expenses
and state and federal income taxes. Results of operations are also significantly affected by general economic and competitive conditions,
particularly changes in interest rates, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. 

4 

Regulatory
Developments Regarding First Federal of Kentucky 

On
August 13, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky entered into a formal written agreement (the Agreement with the OCC (the OCC ),
First Federal of Kentucky s primary federal banking regulator, which became effective as of the same date. As a result of the Agreement,
pursuant to 12 C.F.R. 5.51(c)(7)(ii), First Federal of Kentucky is in troubled condition, and is not an eligible
savings association for purposes of 12 C.F.R. 5.3, unless otherwise informed in writing by the OCC. In addition to the
Agreement, the OCC has also imposed individual minimum capital requirements IMCRs on First Federal of Kentucky. The IMCRs
require First Federal of Kentucky to maintain a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 9.0 , a tier 1 capital ratio of at least
11.0 , a total capital ratio of at least 12.0 , and a leverage ratio of at least 9.0 . At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky exceeded
the requirements of the IMCRs as its common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its total capital
ratio was 16.25 , and its leverage ratio was 10.24 . 

Under
the terms of the Agreement, First Federal of Kentucky is required to take the following actions within the time frames specified in the
Agreement: 

create
 a compliance committee composed of at least three of First Federal of Kentucky s directors
 to monitor and oversee First Federal of Kentucky s compliance with the provisions of
 the Agreement and submit quarterly evaluation reports to First Federal of Kentucky s
 board of directors regarding actions First Federal of Kentucky has taken to comply with the
 Agreement and the results and status of such actions; 

submit
 to the OCC, adopt and implement an acceptable revised written three-year strategic plan establishing
 objectives for First Federal of Kentucky s overall risk profile, balance sheet mix,
 funding structure, interest rate risk, liquidity and capital adequacy, earnings performance,
 and asset and core deposit growth, together with strategies to achieve those objectives; 

submit
 to the OCC, adopt and implement an acceptable revised written succession plan for First Federal
 of Kentucky that is designed to promote adequate staffing and continuity of capable management; 

adopt
 a revised written liquidity risk management program for First Federal of Kentucky that provides
 for the identification, measurement, monitoring, and control of First Federal of Kentucky s
 liquidity risk exposure, and that emphasizes the importance of cash flow projections, diversified
 funding sources, a cushion of highly liquid assets, robust liquidity stress testing scenario
 analyses, and a formal, well-developed contingency funding plan as primary tools for measuring
 and managing liquidity risk; and 

adopt
 a revised written interest rate risk program that includes risk management systems to identify,
 measure, monitor, and control interest rate risk. 

The
Agreement requires First Federal of Kentucky s Board to (i) ensure that First Federal of Kentucky timely adopts and implements
all corrective actions required by the Agreement and (ii) verify that First Federal of Kentucky adheres to the corrective actions and
that they are effective in addressing First Federal of Kentucky s deficiencies that resulted in the Agreement. 

The
Agreement will remain in effect until it is amended by First Federal of Kentucky and the OCC, or the OCC modifies, waives or terminates
the Agreement. While First Federal of Kentucky is subject to the Agreement, we expect that the Board and management will be required
to focus considerable time and attention on taking corrective actions to comply with its terms. 

First
Federal of Kentucky s Board and management are committed to fully addressing the provisions of the Agreement within the required
time frames. The Board and management of First Federal of Kentucky have been taking action and implementing programs to comply with the
requirements of the Agreement. Although compliance with the Agreement will be determined by the OCC, the Board and management believes
that First Federal of Kentucky has complied in all material respects with the provisions of the Agreement required to be complied with
as of the date of this report, including the capital requirements imposed by the OCC. The OCC may determine, however, in its sole discretion
that the issues raised by the Agreement have not been addressed satisfactorily, or that any current or past actions, violations or deficiencies
could be the subject of further regulatory enforcement actions. If the OCC were to determine that First Federal of Kentucky was not in
compliance with the Agreement, it would have available various remedies, including among others, the power to enjoin unsafe or
unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to direct
an increase in capital, to restrict the growth of First Federal of Kentucky, to remove officers and/or directors, to assess civil monetary
penalties, and to impose limitations on our business at First Federal of Kentucky, any of which could negatively affect our ability to
implement our business plan and pay dividends on or our common stock, and may negatively affect the value of our common stock as well
as our financial condition and results of operations. 

First
Federal of Kentucky will incur additional non-interest expenses associated with the implementation of the corrective actions set forth
in the Agreement. These expenses may have a material impact on the financial condition of the Company. 

For
additional information, see Note K-Stockholders Equity and Regulatory Capital of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Annual Report. 

5 

Lending
Operations and Credit Risk 

Income .
 We have two primary sources of pre-tax income. The first is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income,
the income that we earn on our loans and investments, and interest expense, the interest that we pay on our deposits and borrowings. 

To
a much lesser extent, we also recognize pre-tax income from fee and service charges, which is the compensation we receive from providing
financial products and services. 

Expenses .
 The expenses we incur in operating our business consist of compensation, taxes and benefits, office occupancy, data processing fees,
taxes, and other expenses. 

Compensation,
taxes, and benefits consist primarily of the salaries and wages paid to our employees and directors, payroll taxes and expenses for retirement
and other employee benefits. 

Office
occupancy expenses, which are the fixed and variable costs of buildings and equipment, consist primarily of taxes, depreciation charges,
maintenance, and costs of utilities. 

Data
processing fees primarily include fees paid to our third-party data processing providers. 

Taxes
consist of the current and deferred portion of federal and state income taxes. 

Other
expenses include expenses for attorneys, accountants and consultants, advertising, telephone, employee training and education, charitable
contributions, insurance, office supplies, postage, and other miscellaneous operating activities. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
accounting and reporting policies comply with U.S. GAAP and conform to general practices within the banking industry. We believe that
of our significant accounting policies, the following may involve a higher degree of management assumptions and judgments that could
result in materially different amounts to be reported if conditions or underlying circumstances were to change. 

Allowance
for Credit Losses We account for the allowance for credit losses under ASC 326, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments, which is commonly known as CECL. We measure expected credit losses of financial assets on a weighted average remaining maturity
(WARM) basis. 

We
maintain an allowance for credit losses ACL at a level that is appropriate to cover estimated credit losses on individually
evaluated loans, as well as estimated credit losses inherent in the estimated life of the loan portfolio. Credit losses are charged to
and recoveries are credited to the ACL. 

Loans
with similar risk characteristics are evaluated on a collective basis within homogeneous loan pools under ASC 326. Our homogeneous loan
pools are primarily determined by loan purpose and collateral type. Pools include residential real estate (composed of one-to four-family,
multi-family, and construction), land, farm, nonresidential real estate, commercial and industrial, and consumer loans (composed of Loans
on deposit, home equity, automobile, and unsecured). Credits that are nonaccrual status are subject to individual evaluation. 

6 

Historical loss rates for
loans are adjusted for significant factors that, in management s judgment, reflect the impact of any current conditions on loss
recognition. Qualitative factors used to derive our ACL include delinquency trends, current economic conditions and trends, strength
of supervision and administration of the loan portfolio, levels of underperforming loans, trends in loan losses and underwriting exceptions.
Reasonable and supportable economic forecasts that may offset collectibility are also included as factors in our ACL model. Management
continually reevaluates the other subjective factors included in its ACL analysis. 

Goodwill.
 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually and more frequently,
if circumstances indicate its value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting
unit to the book value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds book value, then goodwill is not considered to be impaired. Based
on the annual goodwill impairment test at June 30, 2024, we recorded a non-cash 947,000 goodwill impairment charge, which had no income
tax impact. See Note F-Goodwill in the Notes to Financial Statements for additional information regarding the goodwill impairment charge
we recorded at June 30, 2024. 

Deferred Taxes. We
evaluate deferred tax assets and liabilities quarterly. We will realize these assets and liabilities to the extent profitable or carry
back tax losses to periods in which we paid income taxes. Our determination of the realization of the deferred tax asset will be based
upon management s judgment of various future events and uncertainties, including the timing and amount of future income we will
earn and the implementation of various tax plans to maximize realization of the deferred tax assets. Management believes the Company
will generate sufficient operating earnings to realize the deferred tax benefits. Examinations of our income tax returns or changes in
tax law may impact the tax liabilities and resulting provisions for income taxes. 

Our Operating Strategy 

Our mission is to operate
and grow profitable, community-oriented financial institutions serving primarily retail customers in our market areas. We plan to pursue
a strategy of: 

operating two community-oriented
 savings institutions, First Federal of Hazard, which serves customers in Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky, and
 First Federal of Kentucky, which serves customers primarily in the central Kentucky counties of Franklin, Boyle, and Garrard, as
 well as their surrounding counties. Each Bank emphasizes traditional thrift activities of accepting deposits and originating primarily
 residential mortgage loans for portfolio; 

continuing our historic
 heavy reliance on our deposit base to fund our lending and investment activities and to supplement deposits with FHLB advances when
 advantageous or necessary. We expect our projected deposit mix to generally retain its existing composition of passbook, transaction,
 and certificate of deposit accounts; 

gradually pursuing opportunities
 to increase and diversify lending in our market areas; 

applying conservative underwriting
 practices to maintain the high quality of our loan portfolios; 

managing our net interest
 margin and interest rate risk; and 

entertaining possibilities
 of expansion into other markets through branching or acquisition, if such possibilities are beneficial to the Company s shareholders,
 provide a good fit within the Company s mutual holding company framework and can be accomplished without undue encumbrance
 of the Company s other operational areas. 

7 

Market Risk Analysis 

Qualitative Aspects
of Market Risk . Our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk. We manage the interest rate sensitivity of our
interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets to minimize the adverse effects of changes in the interest rate environment.
Deposit accounts typically react more quickly to changes in market interest rates than mortgage loans because of the shorter maturities
of deposits. As a result, sharp increases in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings while decreases in interest rates may beneficially
affect our earnings. To reduce the potential volatility of our earnings, we have sought to improve the match between asset and liability
maturities (or rate adjustment periods), while maintaining an acceptable interest rate spread. Still, when market rates increase rapidly,
increases in the cost of deposits and borrowings outpace the increases in the return on assets. The Company s assets are primarily
comprised of adjustable-rate mortgages (all of which have some contractual limits in their ability to react to market changes) and short-term
securities. Those assets will, over time, re-price to counteract the increased costs of deposits and borrowings. 

Asset/Liability Management .
 Management and the boards of the subsidiary Banks are responsible for the asset/liability management issues that affect the individual
Banks. Either Bank may work with its sister Bank to mitigate potential asset/liability risks to the Banks and to the Company as a whole.
Management utilizes a third-party to perform interest rate risk IRR calculations for each of the Banks. Management monitors
and considers methods of managing the rate sensitivity and repricing characteristics of each of the Bank s balance sheet components
to maintain acceptable levels of change in the economic value of equity EVE as well as evaluating the impact on earnings
in the event of changes in prevailing market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity analysis is used to measure our interest rate
risk by computing estimated changes in EVE that are a result of changes in the net present value of its cash flows from assets, liabilities,
and off-balance sheet items. These changes in cash flow are estimated based on hypothetical instantaneous and permanent increases and
decreases in market interest rates. 

In March 2022 the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC of the Federal Reserve Bank began raising the target range for the fed funds rate of interest and since that time has raised the short-term
interest rate by 525 basis points. At June 30, 2024, we believe our risk associated with rising interest rates is moderately high but
steps are underway to reduce this exposure. Our IRR model indicated that at June 30, 2024, in the event of a sudden and sustained increase
in prevailing market interest rates of 300 basis points, our EVE would be expected to decrease 37.4 million or 67.6 to 17.9 million,
at which level our fair value of tangible equity to fair value of tangible assets would be expected to be 5.7 . The projected decrease
in EVE in the event of a sudden and sustained 300 basis point increase in prevailing interest rates is not within the parameters established
by each subsidiary Bank s Board of Directors. Computations or prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based
on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments, and deposit run-offs. These computations
should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions the Banks may undertake
in response to changes in interest rates. Certain shortcomings are inherent in this method of computing EVE. For example, although certain
assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in differing degrees to changes in market interest
rates. The interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while
interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Finally, after the considerable market rate increases of the last
two years, neither management nor most market analysts believe that a increase of 300 basis points is likely. On September 18, the FOMC
decreased the target range for Fed Funds by 50 basis points. 

Statement of Financial Condition 

General. At
June 30, 2024, assets totaled 375.0 million, an increase of 25.9 million, or 7.4 , compared to June 30, 2023. The increase
was related primarily to an increase of 19.2 million or 6.1 in loans, net, which totaled 333.0 million at June 30, 2024. Cash and
cash equivalents increased 10.1 million or 123.9 at June 30, 2024. These were slightly offset by decreases in investment securities
of 2.5 million or 20.2 and goodwill of 947,000 or 100 . Total liabilities increased 28.7 million, or 9.6 , to 327.0 million at June
30, 2024, primarily as a result of increased deposits, which increased 29.8 million or 13.2 to 256.1 million at June 30, 2024 and
were somewhat offset by decreased FHLB advances, which decreased 1.1 million or 1.6 to 69.0 million. 

Loans . Our
primary lending activity is the origination of loans for the purchase, refinance, or construction of one- to four-family residential
real estate located in our market areas. As opportunities arise, we also originate church loans, commercial real estate loans, and multi-family
and nonresidential real estate loans. At June 30, 2024, one- to four- family residential real estate loans totaled 256.2 million,
or 76.5 of total loans, compared to 240.1 million, or 76.1 of total loans at June 30, 2023. Please refer to Note C-Loans of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further breakdown of consumer and other loans. 

8 

The
following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 Real estate loans: 

One- to four-family 
 256,216 
 76.5 
 240,076 
 76.1 
 216,432 
 78.4 
 224,125 
 74.8 
 222,489 
 77.4 
 
 Construction 
 13,815 
 4.1 
 12,294 
 3.9 
 1,363 
 0.5 
 5,433 
 1.8 
 4,045 
 1.4 
 
 Multi-family 
 15,815 
 4.7 
 19,067 
 6.0 
 14,252 
 5.1 
 19,781 
 6.6 
 12,373 
 4.3 
 
 Land 
 964 
 0.3 
 470 
 0.2 
 1,062 
 0.4 
 1,308 
 0.4 
 765 
 0.3 
 
 Farm 
 1,169 
 0.4 
 1,346 
 0.4 
 1,338 
 0.5 
 2,234 
 0.8 
 2,354 
 0.8 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 34,308 
 10.2 
 30,217 
 9.6 
 31,441 
 11.4 
 35,492 
 11.9 
 33,503 
 11.7 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 700 
 0.2 
 1,184 
 0.4 
 1,006 
 0.4 
 2,259 
 0.7 
 2,214 
 0.8 
 
 Consumer: 

Consumer and other 
 11,346 
 3.4 
 9,932 
 3.1 
 8,327 
 3.0 
 7,763 
 2.6 
 8,387 
 2.9 
 
 Loans on deposits 
 819 
 0.2 
 855 
 0.3 
 891 
 0.3 
 1,129 
 0.4 
 1,245 
 0.4 
 
 Total loans 
 335,152 
 100 
 315,441 
 100 
 276,112 
 100 
 299,524 
 100 
 287,375 
 100 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (2,127 
 
 (1,634 
 
 (1,529 
 
 (1,622 
 
 (1,488 

Loans receivable, net 
 333,025 
 
 313,807 
 
 274,583 
 
 297,902 
 
 285,887 

The following table sets
forth certain information at June 30, 2024 regarding the dollar amount of loans repricing or maturing during the periods indicated.
The table does not include any estimate of prepayments which significantly shorten the average life of all loans and may cause our actual
repayment experience to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated maturity are reported as due in one year or less. 

(in thousands) 
 Real Estate Loans 
 Commercial Loans 
 Consumer Loans 
 Total Loans 
 
 One year or less 
 130,685 
 301 
 11,519 
 142,505 
 
 More than one year to five years 
 151,440 
 285 
 357 
 152,082 
 
 More than five years 
 40,162 
 114 
 289 
 40,565 

322,287 
 700 
 12,165 
 335,152 

9 

As of June 30, 2024, there
were 29.7 million fixed-rate and 161.6 million adjustable-rate real estate loans maturing or adjusting in more than a year, while there
were 285,000 fixed-rate and 114,000 adjustable-rate commercial loans maturing or adjusting in more than a year. 

The following table shows
loan origination activity during the periods indicated. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Net loans at beginning of year 
 313,807 
 274,583 
 297,902 
 
 Loans originated: 

Real estate loans: 

Residential one-to four-family 
 31,996 
 53,509 
 60,146 
 
 Construction 
 21,676 
 20,840 
 4,692 
 
 Multi-family 
 600 
 11,794 
 9,871 
 
 Farm 
 - 
 - 
 570 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 7,931 
 3,791 
 4,706 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 953 
 1,440 
 1,309 
 
 Consumer loans 
 6,018 
 6,833 
 4,209 
 
 Total loans originated 
 69,174 
 98,207 
 85,503 

Deduct: 

Real estate loan principal repayments and other 
 (49,421 
 (58,858 
 (108,993 
 
 Decrease (increase) in allowance 
 (493 
 (105 
 93 
 
 Transfer to real estate acquired through foreclosure 
 - 
 (60 
 (45 
 
 Other 
 (42 
 40 
 123 
 
 Net loan activity 
 19,218 
 39,224 
 (23,319 
 
 Net loans at end of period 
 333,025 
 313,807 
 274,583 

Allowance for Credit
Loss and Asset Quality . The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for the probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio.
We evaluate the allowance for loan losses no less than quarterly. When additional allowances are needed a provision for losses on loans
is charged against earnings. The recommendations for increases or decreases to the allowance are presented by management to the Banks 
boards of directors. The Company s board of directors oversees the overall allowance level for the Company and may propose increases
or decreases for allowance levels at the Banks. 

The Allowance for Credit Loss
is established to recognize the probable incurred losses associated with lending activities. Loss and risk factors are based on our historical
loss experience and industry averages and are adjusted for significant factors that in management s judgment affect the collectibility
of the portfolio as of the evaluation date. These significant factors may include changes in lending policies and procedures, changes
in existing general economic and business conditions affecting our primary lending area, credit quality trends, collateral value, loan
volumes and concentrations, seasoning of the loan portfolio, recent loss experience, duration of the current business cycle and bank regulatory
examination results. 

The allowance for credit losses
totaled 2.1 million and 1.6 million at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which represented 0.64 and 0.52 of total loans, respectively.
The allowance included no specific reserves at June 30, 2024 or 2023. Such reserves are calculated when a non-homogenous loan is considered
impaired. An impaired loan is one in which it is likely that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement. Most of the Company s loans are collateral-based and, in case of impairment, the loans are carried
at the lower of cost or fair value less disposal costs. 

Nonperforming loans, which consist of all loans
90 days or more past due and nonaccrual loans, totaled 3.9 million and 4.7 million at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease
of 800,000 or 17.0 . The allowance for loan losses totaled 54.6 and 34.8 of nonperforming loans at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

We account for the allowance for credit losses
under ASC 326, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which is commonly known as CECL. We measure expected credit losses
of financial assets on a weighted average remaining maturity (WARM) basis. 

We maintain an allowance for
credit losses ACL at a level that is appropriate to cover estimated credit losses on individually evaluated loans, as
well as estimated credit losses inherent in the estimated life of the loan portfolio. Credit losses are charged to ACL and recoveries
are credited to the ACL. 

Loans with similar risk characteristics are evaluated
on a collective basis within homogeneous loan pools under ASC 326. Our homogeneous loan pools are primarily determined by loan purpose
and collateral type. Pools include residential real estate (composed of one-to four-family, multi-family, and construction), land, farm,
nonresidential real estate, commercial and industrial, and consumer loans (composed of Loans on deposit, home equity, automobile, and
unsecured). Credits that are nonaccrual status are subject to individual evaluation. 

10 

Historical loss rates for loans are adjusted for
significant factors that, in management s judgment, reflect the impact of any current conditions on loss recognition. Qualitative
factors used to derive our ACL include delinquency trends, current economic conditions and trends, strength of supervision and administration
of the loan portfolio, levels of underperforming loans, trends in loan losses and underwriting exceptions. Reasonable and supportable
economic forecasts that may offset collectibility are also included as factors in our ACL model. Management continually reevaluates the
other subjective factors included in its ACL analysis. Our loss reserves do not include 348,000 in remaining discounts on acquired loans
at June 30, 2024. 

Our banking regulators, as
an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for credit losses. The examinations may require us to
make additional provisions for loan losses based on judgments different from ours. In addition, because further events affecting borrowers
and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate
or that increases will not be necessary should the quality of any loans deteriorate because of the factors discussed above. Any material
increase in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Summary of Loan Loss
Experience. The following table sets forth an analysis of the allowance for loan
losses for the periods indicated. Where specific loan loss allowances have been established, any difference between the loss allowance
and the amount of loss realized has been charged or credited to the allowance. At July 1, 2023, the adoption of CECL led to an immediate
increase of 497,000 to the allowance. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Allowance at beginning of period 
 1,634 
 1,529 
 1,622 
 1,488 
 1,456 
 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 24 
 113 
 (60 
 192 
 103 
 
 Charge-offs: 

Real estate loans 
 (18 
 (29 
 (31 
 (23 
 (65 
 
 Consumer loans 
 (8 
 - 
 (4 
 (45 
 (8 
 
 Total charge-offs 
 (26 
 (29 
 (35 
 (68 
 (73 
 
 Recoveries: 

Real estate loans 
 - 
 21 
 - 
 - 
 2 
 
 Consumer loans 
 4 
 - 
 2 
 10 
 - 
 
 Total recoveries 
 - 
 21 
 2 
 10 
 2 
 
 Net charge-offs 
 (22 
 (8 
 (33 
 (58 
 (71 
 
 Initial Adoption of CECL 
 497 

Provision Allocated to Unfunded Liability 
 (6 

Allowance at end of period 
 2,127 
 1,634 
 1,529 
 1,622 
 1,488 

Allowance to nonperforming loans 
 54.6 
 34.76 
 26.28 
 24.37 
 20.12 
 
 Allowance to total loans outstanding at end of period 
 0.64 
 0.52 
 0.55 
 0.54 
 0.52 
 
 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period 
 0.01 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 0.03 

The following table sets
forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan losses by loan category, which management believes can be allocated on an approximate basis,
at the dates indicated. 

At
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 of 
 Allowance 
 to Total 
 Allowance 
 
 of 
 Loans in 
Category 
to Total 
Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of 
Allowance 
to Total 
Allowance 
 
 of 
Loans in 
Category 
to Total 
Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of 
Allowance 
to Total 
Allowance 
 
 of 
Loans in 
Category 
to Total 
Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of 
Allowance 
to Total 
Allowance 
 
 of 
Loans in 
Category 
to Total 
Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of 
Allowance 
to Total 
Allowance 
 
 of 
Loans in 
Category 
to Total 
Loans 
 
 Loans category: 

Residential one- to-four-family 
 1,661 
 78.1 
 76.6 
 857 
 52.4 
 76.0 
 800 
 52.3 
 78.4 
 749 
 49.0 
 74.8 
 671 
 45.1 
 77.4 
 
 Construction 
 122 
 5.7 
 4.1 
 41 
 2.5 
 3.9 
 4 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 12 
 0.7 
 1.8 
 6 
 0.4 
 1.4 
 
 Multi-family 
 100 
 4.7 
 4.7 
 278 
 17.0 
 6.0 
 231 
 15.1 
 5.1 
 291 
 17.9 
 6.6 
 184 
 12.4 
 4.3 
 
 Land 
 28 
 1.3 
 0.3 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 
 Farm 
 4 
 0.2 
 0.3 
 4 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.8 
 4 
 0.3 
 0.8 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 192 
 9.0 
 10.2 
 405 
 24.8 
 9.6 
 461 
 30.2 
 11.4 
 494 
 30.5 
 11.9 
 405 
 27.2 
 11.7 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 3 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 23 
 1.4 
 0.4 
 2 
 0.1 
 0.4 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.7 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.8 
 
 Consumer and other 
 17 
 0.8 
 3.4 
 24 
 1.5 
 3.2 
 22 
 1.4 
 3.0 
 16 
 1.0 
 2.6 
 12 
 0.8 
 2.9 
 
 Loans on deposits 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.2 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 2 
 0.1 
 0.4 
 2 
 0.1 
 0.4 
 
 Unallocated 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 200 
 13.4 
 0.0 
 
 Total
 allowance for loan losses 
 2,127 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,634 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,529 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,577 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,488 
 100.0 
 100.0 

11 

Nonperforming and Classified
Assets . When a loan becomes 90 days delinquent, the loan may be placed on nonaccrual status at which time the accrual of interest
ceases, the interest previously accrued to income is reversed and interest income is thereafter recognized on a cash basis. Payments
on a nonaccrual loan are applied to the outstanding principal and interest as determined at the time of collection of the loan or applied
entirely to principal, depending on management s assessment of ultimate collectability. In situations where management believes
collection of interest due is likely even if the loan is more than 90 days delinquent, then management may decide not to place the loan
on non-accrual status. 

We consider repossessed assets
and loans that are 90 days or more past due to be nonperforming assets. Real estate that we acquire because of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu
of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned until it is sold. When property is acquired, it is recorded at the lower of carrying
value of the investment or fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of foreclosure. Holding costs and declines in fair value
after acquisition of the property are charged against income. 

Under current accounting
guidelines, a loan is defined as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the creditor will be unable
to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans identified as impaired are evaluated on an individual
basis. At June 30, 2024, there were no loans individually considered impaired with valuation adjustments. 

The following table provides
information with respect to our nonperforming assets at the dates indicated. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Nonaccrual loans: 

Real estate loans 
 2,678 
 4,199 
 4,048 
 4,660 
 4,415 
 
 Commercial loans 
 969 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4 
 
 Consumer loans 
 - 
 - 
 75 
 21 
 5 
 
 Total nonaccrual loans 
 3,647 
 4,199 
 4,123 
 4,681 
 4,424 
 
 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more: 

Real estate loans 
 221 
 365 
 287 
 243 
 1,135 
 
 Commercial loans 
 - 
 - 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consumer loans 
 28 
 28 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more 
 249 
 393 
 288 
 243 
 1,135 

Restructured loans not performing as agreed 
 - 
 109 
 1,408 
 1,731 
 1,836 
 
 Total nonperforming loans 
 3,896 
 4,701 
 5,819 
 6,655 
 7,395 

Restructured loans performing as agreed 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36 
 
 Real estate acquired through foreclosure 
 10 
 70 
 10 
 82 
 640 
 
 Total nonperforming assets and performing
 restructured loans 
 3,906 
 4,771 
 5,829 
 6,737 
 8,071 

Total nonperforming loans to total loans 
 1.16 
 1.49 
 2.11 
 2.22 
 2.57 
 
 Total nonperforming loans to total assets 
 1.04 
 1.35 
 1.77 
 1.97 
 2.33 
 
 Total nonperforming assets to total assets 
 1.04 
 1.37 
 1.78 
 1.99 
 2.54 

Interest income that would
have been recorded for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, had nonaccrual loans been current according to their original terms amounted
to 53,000, and 53,000, respectively. Income related to nonaccrual loans included in interest income for the years ended June 30, 2024
and 2023 amounted to 45,000, and 45,000, respectively. 

Federal regulations require
us to regularly review and classify our assets. In addition, our regulators have the authority to identify problem assets and, if appropriate,
require them to be classified. There are three classifications for problem assets: substandard, doubtful and loss. Substandard
assets must have one or more defined weaknesses and are characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss
if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful assets have the weaknesses of substandard assets with the additional characteristic
that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values questionable,
and there is a high possibility of loss. An asset classified loss is considered uncollectible and of such little value
that continuance as an asset of the institution is not warranted. The regulations also provide for a special mention category,
described as assets which do not currently expose us to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification but do possess credit deficiencies
or potential weaknesses deserving our close attention. Special mention assets totaled 797,000 and 854,000 at June 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

12 

The following table shows
the aggregate amounts of our assets classified for regulatory purposes at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Substandard assets 
 7,171 
 7,266 
 7,458 
 
 Doubtful assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total classified assets 
 7,171 
 7,266 
 7,458 

Substandard assets at June 30, 2024, consisted of 113 loans totaling
 7.2 million and one parcel of real estate owned with an aggregate carrying value of 10,000, compared to substandard assets at June 30,
2023 which consisted of 123 loans totaling 7.3 million and two parcels of real estate owned with an aggregate carrying value of 70,000.
During the fiscal years ended June 30 2024 and 2023, the Company made no loans to facilitate the purchase of real estate owned. 

The table below summarizes
other real estate owned at June 30, 2024: 

Number 
 Net carrying 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 of Properties 
 value 
 
 Single-family 
 1 
 10 
 
 Building lots 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1 
 10 

The table below summarizes
substandard loans at June 30, 2024: 

Number 
 Net carrying 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 of Loans 
 value 
 
 One- to four-family 
 101 
 5,064 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 5 
 1,953 
 
 Consumer 
 7 
 154 
 
 Total 
 113 
 7,171 

Other than disclosed above,
there are no other loans at June 30, 2024 that we have serious doubts about the ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan
repayment terms. 

Delinquencies. The
following table provides information about delinquencies in our loan portfolios at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Past Due 
 Past Due 
 Past Due 
 Past Due 
 
 Real estate loans 
 6,259 
 843 
 3,215 
 862 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consumer loans 
 252 
 64 
 98 
 87 
 
 Total 
 6,515 
 907 
 3,313 
 949 

Securities . Our
securities portfolio consists of mortgage-backed securities with maturities of 30 years or less, which totaled 9.9 million at June 30,
2024, a decrease of 2.5 million or 20.2 , compared to the 12.4 million total at June 30, 2023. The decrease in these securities resulted
from principal payments and prepayments. All of our mortgage-backed securities were issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. 

13 

The following table sets
forth the carrying values and fair values of our securities portfolio at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 Available for sale securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 10,096 
 9,648 
 12,649 
 12,080 
 10,477 
 10,477 
 
 Held to maturity securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 213 
 203 
 274 
 259 
 339 
 323 

At June 30, 2024 and 2023,
we did not own any securities that had an aggregate book value in excess of 10 of our equity at that date. 

The following table sets
forth the maturities and weighted average yields of debt securities at June 30, 2024. At June 30, 2024, we had no agency securities with
adjustable rates. 

More than 
 More than 

One Year to 
 Five Years to 

One Year or Less 
 Five Years 
 Ten Years 
 Total Investment Portfolio 

Weighted 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Weighted 

Weighted 

Amortized 
 Average 
 Amortized 
 Average 
 Amortized 
 Average 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Average 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Cost 
 Yield 
 Cost 
 Yield 
 Cost 
 Yield 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Yield 
 
 Available for sale securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 - 
 0.00 
 10,096 
 3.24 
 - 
 0.00 
 10,096 
 9,648 
 3.24 
 
 Held to maturity securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 - 
 0.00 
 145 
 2.04 
 68 
 5.01 
 213 
 203 
 2.99 

Other Assets. Other
assets at June 30, 2024 included 0 in goodwill compared to 947,000 at June 30, 2023 due to a goodwill impairment charge. Goodwill was
initially incurred as a result of the Company s acquisition of Frankfort First in 2005. Other assets at June 30, 2024 included bank
owned life insurance policies with a carrying value of 2.9 million and 2.8 million at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which
First Federal of Kentucky is the owner and beneficiary. Both subsidiary Banks are members and stockholders of the FHLB. FHLB stock, at
cost, totaled 4.2 million and 4.6 million at June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Deposits . Our
primary source of funds is retail deposit accounts held primarily by individuals within our market areas. Deposits totaled 256.1 million
at June 30, 2024, increasing 29.8 million or 13.2 between the two periods. At June 30, 2024 the Company had 52.0 million in brokered
certificates of deposit. 

The following table sets
forth the balances of our deposit products at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Certificate of deposit accounts 
 176,572 
 137,315 
 124,705 
 
 Demand, transaction and savings accounts 
 79,567 
 88,994 
 115,152 
 
 Total 
 256,139 
 226,309 
 239,857 

14 

The following table indicates
at June 30, 2024, the amount of certificate of deposit accounts with balances equal to or greater than 100,000, by time remaining until
maturity. The brokered certificates of deposit had a maximum face value of 100,000. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC currently insures deposits up to 250,000 in most cases, making certificate of deposit accounts with balances equal to or greater than
 100,000 less volatile as before the limit was raised. 

Certificates 
 
 (in thousands) 
 of Deposit 
 
 Maturity period: 

Three months or less 
 49,494 
 
 Over three months through six months 
 38,442 
 
 Over six months through twelve months 
 12,621 
 
 Over twelve months 
 21,739 
 
 Total 
 122,296 

The following table sets
forth our certificate of deposit accounts classified by rates at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Interest rate 

0.01-0.99 
 20,037 
 44,302 
 96,937 
 
 1.00-1.99 
 8,509 
 13,127 
 20,521 
 
 2.00-2.99 
 1,081 
 1,826 
 7,247 
 
 3.00-3.99 
 3,539 
 19,700 
 - 
 
 4.00-4.99 
 51,341 
 58,360 
 - 
 
 5.00-5.99 
 92,065 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 176,572 
 137,315 
 124,705 

The following table sets forth the amount and
maturities of certificate accounts at June 30, 2024. 

Amount Due 

(in thousands) 
 Less than One Year 
 More than One Year to Two Years 
 More than Two Years to Three Years 
 More than Three Years 
 Total 
 Percentage of Total Certificate 
 Accounts 
 
 Interest rate 

0.01-0.99 
 15,288 
 4,724 
 25 
 - 
 20,037 
 11.3 
 
 1.00-1.99 
 3,432 
 1,445 
 1,759 
 1,873 
 8,509 
 4.8 
 
 2.00-2.99 
 1,081 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,081 
 0.6 
 
 3.00-3.99 
 3,539 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,539 
 2.0 
 
 4.00-4.99 
 33,918 
 7,930 
 9,493 
 - 
 51,341 
 29.1 
 
 5.00-5.99 
 92,065 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 92,065 
 52.2 
 
 Total 
 149,323 
 14,099 
 11,277 
 1,873 
 176,572 
 100.0 

The following table sets
forth the average balances and rates paid on deposits. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Average Balance 
 Average Rate 
 Average Balance 
 Average Rate 
 Average Balance 
 Average Rate 
 
 Noninterest-bearing demand 
 14,733 
 0.00 
 13,308 
 0.00 
 16,033 
 0.00 
 
 Interest-bearing demand 
 17,108 
 0.19 
 20,695 
 0.18 
 18,519 
 0.22 
 
 Savings accounts 
 53,128 
 0.41 
 68,255 
 0.44 
 73,688 
 0.37 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 160,431 
 3.62 
 117,443 
 1.26 
 126,371 
 0.85 

15 

The following table sets
forth the deposit activities for the periods indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Beginning balance 
 226,309 
 239,857 
 226,843 
 
 Increase (decrease) before interest credited 
 23,770 
 (15,359 
 11,627 
 
 Interest credited 
 6,060 
 1,811 
 1,387 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in deposits 
 29,830 
 (13,548 
 13,014 
 
 Ending balance 
 256,139 
 226,309 
 239,857 

Borrowings . Advances
from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati amounted to 69.0 million and 70.1 million at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The following table presents
certain information regarding our Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati advances during the periods and at the dates indicated. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Balance outstanding at end of period 
 68,988 
 70,087 
 34,066 
 
 Maximum amount of advances outstanding at any month during the period 
 74,406 
 83,489 
 55,369 
 
 Average advances outstanding during the period 
 66,426 
 63,050 
 46,843 
 
 Weighted average interest rate during the period 
 4.85 
 3.32 
 0.78 
 
 Weighted average interest rate at end of period 
 4.58 
 4.85 
 0.96 

Capital . Total
shareholders equity totaled 48.0 million at June 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.7 million or 5.4 , compared to June 30, 2023.
The decrease was primarily due to writing down the impaired goodwill, an increase in the Allowance for Credit Loss with the adoption
of CECL, and net losses over the period. 

Effective January 1, 2015,
the Company and the Banks became subject to the capital regulations in accordance with Basel III. These regulations established higher
minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, a new common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and a new capital conservation buffer CCB ). The regulations also included a revised definition of capital and changed the risk-weighting of certain assets.
For purposes of prompt corrective action, the new regulations establish definitions of well capitalized as follows: 

Minimum for banks to be well-capitalized 
 under regulatory requirements 
 
 Tier 1 Capital to Total Average Assets 
 5.0 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 6.5 
 
 Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 8.0 
 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 10.0 

Additionally, the CCB of
Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based capital above the minimum risk-based capital requirements was introduced. The CCB is 2.5 . The Company
and the Banks, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, engaging in share repurchases and
certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, must maintain the CCB at the appropriate level. 

Community Bank Leverage Ratio 

Certain community banks and
holding companies (which include the Company, Frankfort First, First Federal of Kentucky and First Federal of Hazard) that satisfy certain
qualifying criteria, including having less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio (referred to as
the community bank leverage ratio of greater than 9 , were eligible to opt-in to the CBLR framework. The CBLR ratio is
the ratio of a banking organization s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets as reported on the banking organization s
applicable regulatory filings. The Banks elected to utilize the CBLR framework effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. See Note
K-Stockholders Equity and Regulatory Capital in audited financial statements. 

At June 30, 2024, both First
Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of Kentucky s regulatory capital substantially exceeded all minimum regulatory capital
requirements. Management is not aware of any recent event that would cause this classification to change. See Note K-Stockholders 
Equity and Regulatory Capital in the Notes to Financial Statements. 

16 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023 

General. Net
loss totaled 1.7 million or (0.21) diluted earnings per share for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to net income of 933,000 or
 0.11 per common share for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023. 

Net income decreased 2.7
million or 284.5 year to year primarily due to a non-cash goodwill impairment charge, decreased net interest income, decreased non-interest
income, and increased non-interest expenses, which were somewhat offset by decreased income taxes and decreased provision for loan losses.
In the general economy the fiscal year was marked by combatting the historical interest rate increases as the Federal Open Market Committee
continued its fight against inflation in the previous year. Our funding sources repriced more quickly
during the unprecedented interest rate increases than our assets. Consequently, the increase in our interest expense was attributed primarily
to higher average rates paid on both deposits and FHLB advances, while the increase in our interest income was a combination of both
higher average balances and higher rates earned on those assets. The Company sells its long-term fixed rate loans to the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Cincinnati as part of its asset/liability management strategy and the sale of such loans decreased along with the heightened
interest rates during the fiscal year. 

Interest Income. 
Total interest income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 was 16.3 million, an increase of 3.5 million, or 27.6 , compared
to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The increase in interest income was due primarily to higher average rates earned on interest-earning
assets, as well as higher average balances. 

Interest income from loans
increased 3.2 million or 27.1 to 15.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 due to both an increase in the average volume of the
portfolio and the rate earned on it. The average balance of the loan portfolio increased 26.7 million or 8.9 to 325.6 million for
the year just ended, while the average rate earned increased 66 basis points to 4.61 for the period. Loans are the largest component
of our interest-earning assets. 

Interest income from mortgage-backed
securities decreased 78,000 to 375,000 for the recently ended fiscal year primarily due to an decrease in the volume of mortgage backed
securities, despite the average rate earned increasing six basis points. Income from other interest-earning assets increased 396,000
and totaled 889,000 for the recently ended fiscal year. 

Interest Expense. 
Interest expense totaled 9.3 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, an increase of 5.4 million, or 137.9 , from fiscal
2023. The increase in interest expense resulted primarily from higher average interest rates of funding sources, although the average
balance of funding increased period to period. Interest expense on borrowings increased 1.1 million to 3.2 million for the twelve months
ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average rate paid for borrowings, increasing 153 basis points to 4.85 , while
the average balance of FHLB advances outstanding also increased 3.4 million or 5.4 to 66.4 million for the year just ended. 

Interest expense on deposits
increased 4.2 million or 234.6 to 6.1 million for the 2024 fiscal year primarily due to an increase in the average rate paid on those
deposits, which increased 175 basis points to 2.63 for the recently-ended fiscal year. The average balance of deposits increased 24.3
million or 11.8 to 230.7 million for the year just ended. Interest expense on certificates of deposit was primarily responsible for
the increase in interest expense on deposits for the year and was due principally to an increase in the rate paid on certificates of deposits.
The average rate paid on certificates of deposit increased 236 basis points to 3.62 for the year, while the average balance outstanding
increased 43.0 million or 36.6 to 160.4 million. The average balance of savings deposits decreased 15.1 million or 22.2 and totaled
 53.1 million for fiscal 2024, while interest-bearing demand deposits decreased 3.6 million or 17.3 , and totaled 17.1 million. 

Net Interest Income.
 As a result of the aforementioned changes in interest income and interest expense, net interest income before provision for loan
losses decreased 1.9 million or 21.0 to 7.0 million for the 2024 year. As indicated on the following table, our net interest margin
decreased from 2.73 for the 2023 fiscal year to 1.98 for the year just ended. 

17 

Average Balances and
Yields . The following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts
of interest income and dividends, the total dollar amount of interest expense and the resulting average yields and costs. The yields
and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively,
for the periods presented. For purposes of this table, average balances have been calculated using the average of daily balances and
nonaccrual loans are included in average balances only. We did not hold any non-taxable securities during any of the periods presented
in the table. 

2024 
 2023 
 2022 

Interest 

Interest 

Interest 

Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Cost 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Cost 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Cost 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 325,588 
 15,013 
 4.61 
 298,911 
 11,814 
 3.95 
 283,323 
 10,659 
 3.76 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 10,999 
 375 
 3.41 
 13,516 
 453 
 3.35 
 1,232 
 23 
 1.87 
 
 Other securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other interest-earning assets 
 15,947 
 889 
 5.58 
 12,263 
 493 
 4.02 
 41,771 
 232 
 0.56 
 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 352,534 
 16,277 
 4.62 
 324,690 
 12,760 
 3.93 
 326,326 
 10,914 
 3.34 
 
 Less: ALLL 
 (1,969 

(1,612 

(1,578 

Noninterest-earning assets 
 12,399 

12,038 

12,107 

Total assets 
 362,964 

335,116 

336,855 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 
 17,108 
 32 
 0.19 
 20,695 
 38 
 0.18 
 18,519 
 40 
 0.22 
 
 Savings 
 53,128 
 216 
 0.41 
 68,255 
 298 
 0.44 
 73,688 
 273 
 0.37 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 160,431 
 5,812 
 3.62 
 117,443 
 1,475 
 1.26 
 126,371 
 1,074 
 0.85 
 
 Total deposits 
 230,667 
 6,060 
 2.63 
 206,393 
 1,811 
 0.88 
 218,578 
 1,387 
 0.64 
 
 Borrowings 
 66,426 
 3,223 
 4.85 
 63,050 
 2,091 
 3.32 
 46,843 
 367 
 0.78 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 297,093 
 9,283 
 3.12 
 269,443 
 3,902 
 1.45 
 265,421 
 1,754 
 0.66 
 
 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 14,733 

13,308 

16,032 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities 
 1,775 

935 

3,072 

Total liabilities 
 313,601 

283,686 

284,525 

Shareholders equity 
 49,363 

51,430 

52,330 

Total liabilities and shareholders 
 Equity 
 362,964 

335,116 

336,855 

Net interest income/average yield 
 
 6,994 
 1.49 
 
 8,858 
 2.48 
 
 9,160 
 2.68 

Net interest margin 

1.98 

2.73 

2.81 

Average interest-earning assets to Average
 interest-bearing liabilities 

118.66 

120.51 

122.95 

18 

Rate/Volume Analysis .
 The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows the effects
attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior year volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to
changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior year rate). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to changes in both
rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to
volume. The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. 

Twelve months ended June 30, 2024 
 Twelve months ended June 30, 2023 

Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes In 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes In 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Total 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Total 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 1,116 
 2,085 
 3,201 
 602 
 553 
 1,155 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 (86 
 8 
 (78 
 398 
 32 
 430 
 
 Other securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other interest-earning assets 
 174 
 222 
 396 
 (33 
 294 
 261 
 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 1,204 
 2,315 
 3,519 
 967 
 879 
 1,846 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 
 (7 
 1 
 (6 
 7 
 (9 
 (2 
 
 Savings 
 (63 
 (19 
 (82 
 (18 
 43 
 25 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 705 
 3,632 
 4,337 
 (70 
 471 
 401 
 
 Borrowings 
 117 
 1,015 
 1,132 
 167 
 1,557 
 1,724 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 752 
 4,629 
 5,381 
 86 
 2,062 
 2,148 
 
 Increase (decrease) in net interest income 
 452 
 (2,314 
 (1,862 
 881 
 (1,183 
 (302 

Provision for
Credit Losses. A provision for credit losses on loans is charged to earnings to maintain the total allowance for credit
losses at a level calculated by management based on historical experience, the volume and type of lending conducted by the Banks,
the status of past due principal and interest payments and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Based
upon an analysis of these factors, management recorded a provision of 24,000 for losses on loans for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2024, a decrease of 89,000, compared to a provision of 113,000 for fiscal 2024. Management believes all
nonperforming loans are adequately collateralized or have been written down to their realizable value. See discussion of Allowance
for Credit Losses and Asset Quality above. 

Non-interest Income.
 Non-interest income decreased 51,000 or 16.9 to 251,000 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, due primarily to a decrease
of 52,000 in other non-interest income, as participation service fee income decreased 39,000 from 42,000 in 2023 to 2,000 at June
30, 2024. 

Non-interest Expense.
 Non-interest expense increased 1.4 million or 17.4 to 9.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 compared to fiscal
2023 primarily due to a goodwill impairment charge totaling 947,000, higher outside service fees, auditing and accounting expenses,
FDIC insurance premiums and employee compensation and benefits cost. 

Goodwill of 14.5 million
was originally recorded in March 2005 when the Company, as part of its initial public offering, purchased Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc.,
with a portion of the stock and cash proceeds from the offering. An initial impairment charge occurred June 30, 2020 of 13.2 million
due to the prolonged decline in the stock price of the Company exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic impact led to
recognition of the impairment pursuant to management s performance of a goodwill impairment analysis as of June 30, 2020. Subsequently,
testing at June 30, 2024 identified additional impairment as the Company s declining stock price resulted in the Company s
consolidated equity exceeding their market cap. Impairment charge represents an accounting transaction which had no impact on cash flows,
liquidity, or key capital ratios of the Company or its bank subsidiaries. Based on the annual goodwill impairment test at June 30, 2024,
we recorded a non-cash 947,000 goodwill impairment charge, which had no income tax impact. 

Outside service fees increased
 209,000 or 86.4 and totaled 451,000 primarily due to increased professional expenses, in part due to the formal agreement between First
Federal of Kentucky and the OCC. FDIC insurance expense increased 121,000 or 103.4 and totaled 238,000 for the twelve months ended
June 30, 2024, The increase is due to overall higher premiums, increased usage of brokered deposits at the Banks, and higher deposit levels.
Employee compensation and benefits increased 74,000 due to generally rising compensation costs. 

19 

Income Taxes. Income
tax expense decreased 533,000 or 181.3 to a benefit of 239,000 for the fiscal year just ended. The decrease in income tax expense
was primarily related to lower overall earnings year to year. The effective income tax rate for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023
was 12.2 and 24.0 , respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability
to meet current and future short-term financial obligations. Our primary sources of funds consist of cash and deposits at other banks,
deposit inflows, loan repayments and maturities, calls and sales of investment and mortgage-backed securities and advances from the FHLB.
While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments
are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

We periodically assess our
available liquidity and projected upcoming liquidity demands. We regularly adjust our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment
of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities,
and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management program. Excess liquid assets are invested generally in interest-earning
deposits, federal funds, and short- and intermediate-term U.S. Government agency obligations. 

Our most liquid assets are
cash, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing, lending, and investing
activities during any given period. At June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalents totaled 18.3 million and
 8.2 million, respectively. Securities classified as available-for-sale, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled 9.6
million and 12.1 million at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

We are not aware of any trends
and/or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that could result in a material protracted decrease in liquidity. We expect that
all our liquidity needs, including the contractual commitments can be met by our currently available liquid assets and cash flows. In
the event any unforeseen demand or commitments were to occur, we have access to brokered deposits, FHLB advances, the Federal Reserve
Discount Window and an unsecured line of credit with a correspondent bank. We expect that our currently available liquid assets and our
ability to access our other liquidity sources would be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs without any material adverse effect
on our liquidity. 

Our primary investing activities
are the origination of loans and the purchase of investment securities. In fiscal 2024 we originated 69.2 million of loans, which exceeded
loan prepayments and repayments by 19.8 million. In fiscal 2023 we originated 98.2 million of loans, which exceeded loan prepayments
and repayments 39.3 million. During fiscal 2024 and 2023 proceeds from principal repayments on loans totaled 49.4 million and 58.9
million, respectively. 

Financing activities
consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts and in FHLB advances. Total deposits increased 29.8 million for the year ended
June 30, 2024, compared to a net decrease of 13.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. We decreased FHLB advances by 1.1
million or 1.6 from June 30, 2023 to June 30, 2024. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the products
and corresponding interest rates offered by us and our local competitors and other factors. We generally manage the pricing of our
deposits to be competitive and to increase core deposit relationships. The Banks began using brokered deposits more in the latter
part of the fiscal year 2024 and had 52.0 million at June 30, 2024 compared to 21.0 million in such deposits as of June 30, 2023.
FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket mortgage on the 1-4 family residential mortgages and multi-family residential
mortgages owned by the Banks. See Note H-Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank in Notes to Consolidated financial Statements. At
June 30, 2024, the Banks had combined additional FHLB borrowing capacity of 71.4 million. 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

At June 30, 2024, we had
 10.3 million in mortgage commitments. Certificates of deposit due within one year of June 30, 2024 totaled 149.3 million, or 58.3 
of total deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we might be required to seek other sources of funds, including FHLB advances
or other certificates of deposit. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings
than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before June 30, 2024. We believe, however, based on past experience, that
a significant portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting
the interest rates offered. 

20 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

For the year ended June 30,
2024, other than loan commitments, we engaged in no off-balance-sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has historically paid a strong dividend. In order to do so, the Company
has relied on a dividend waiver by First Federal MHC. Approximately 58.5 of the shares of Kentucky First Federal are held by First Federal
MHC, a mutual holding company created in 2005. Under regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System mutual holding
companies, who have waived their dividends prior to December 1, 2009, may continue to waive these dividends provided there is no objection
by the Federal Reserve. This waiver action is conditioned on providing appropriate notice and absent the Federal Reserve s determination
that the waiver would be detrimental to the safe and sound operations of the Banks. First Federal MHC put the issue to a vote of the
members August 2012 and each of the succeeding years since 2012. Members of First Federal MHC voted in favor of the dividend waiver on
all occasions and the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland subsequently approved the waiver of the dividends including an approval in 2023
that permitted First Federal MHC to waive the receipt of dividends for quarterly dividends up to 0.10 per common share through the third
quarter of 2024. 

However, the Company announced
a suspension of the payment of quarterly dividends in January, 2024. First Federal MHC has not sought a dividend waiver in 2024 but is expected
to hold a member vote to approve the waiver if the Company s dividend payments are restored. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

Our consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require
the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative
purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating
costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates
generally have a more significant impact on our performance than do general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move
in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

21 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders, Board
of Directors and 

Audit Committee of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Frankfort, Kentucky 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (the Company) as of June 30, 2024 and the related consolidated statement of income, comprehensive
income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes and schedules (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June
30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Change in Accounting Principle 

As discussed in Note A to the financial
statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective July 1, 2023 due to the adoption of Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC
326 ). The Corporation adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts
are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Prior Period Financial Statements 

The financial statements of Kentucky First
Federal Bancorp as of June 30, 2023 were audited by other auditors who s report dated September 28, 2023 expressed an unmodified
opinion on those statements. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

22 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Collectively Evaluated
Loans Qualitative Adjustments - Refer to Notes A and C to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

Management s estimate of the allowance for credit losses
(ACL), includes a reserve on collectively evaluated loans. The reserve on collectively evaluated loans is based on historical loss rates
adjusted for qualitative factors. Management s adjustment for qualitative factors include actual and expected changes in regional
and local economic and business conditions and developments in which the Company operates that affect the collectability of financial
assets; the effect of other external factors such as the regulatory, legal and technological environments, competition, and events such
as natural disasters or pandemics; and model risk including statistical risk, reversion risk, timing risk, and model limitation risk. 

Significant judgment was required by management in the selection
and application of key metrics used to derive the quantitative portion of the ACL. Accordingly, performing audit procedures to evaluate
the Company s estimated ACL involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant effort. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s estimate
of the ACL included, but were not limited to, the following: 

We tested the process for determining reserves on collectively
evaluated loans including: 

o Evaluation of the appropriateness of management s methodology. 

o Testing the completeness and accuracy of data utilized by management. 

o Evaluation of the relevance and reliability of information used by management in the development of the estimate. 

o Evaluation of reasonableness of significant assumptions used in the qualitative analysis. 

o We calculated the estimate on our own and compared to management s estimate. 

o Evaluation of the reasonableness of qualitative adjustment factors, including consideration of whether the adjustments applied were
reasonable given portfolio composition; relevant external factors, including economic conditions; and consideration of historical or recent
experience and conditions and events affecting the Company. 

o Preparation of an independent estimate of an acceptable range of the ACL to compare to managements estimate 

/s/ Clark,
Schaefer, Hackett Co. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

October 3, 2024 

23 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 

Frankfort, Kentucky 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (the Company as of June 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. 

We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

24 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 

Page 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL) Qualitative
Adjustments 

As more fully described in Notes A and C to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company estimates the ALLL for probable incurred loan losses. The ALLL consists of a specific component for
loans that are classified as impaired and a general component for all other loans. Impairment on loans determined to be impaired is measured
on a loan-by-loan basis. 

Historical loss experience is an input applied to
loans not considered impaired and is adjusted for current factors, including levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans,
levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries, trends in volume and terms of loans, changes in lending policies, procedures and practices,
experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff, economic trends and conditions, industry conditions and
effects of changes in credit concentrations. 

We identified the qualitative adjustments for current
factors of the ALLL as a critical audit matter. The primary reason for our determination that the qualitative adjustments in the ALLL
are a critical audit matter is that auditing the qualitative adjustments involved significant judgment and complex review. Further, auditing
the qualitative adjustments in the ALLL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating
management s assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors. 

Our audit procedures related to the qualitative adjustments
of the ALLL included the following procedures, among others. 

Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process
for establishing the ALLL, including the qualitative factor adjustments of the ALLL and any limitations of the model 

Testing of completeness and accuracy of the information utilized
in the calculation of the ALLL 

Evaluating the qualitative factor adjustments, including
assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions 

Evaluating overall reasonableness of estimated reserve by
considering past performance of the Company s loan portfolio, trends in credit quality of the loan portfolio and trends in the
credit quality of peer institutions and comparing the trends to the Company s ALLL trends for directional consistency compared
to previous years 

Preparation of an independent estimate of an acceptable range
of the ALLL to compare to management s estimate 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

Louisville, Kentucky 

September 28, 2023 

25 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

(Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share data) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

Fed funds sold 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available-for-sale- at fair value 

Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost-approximate fair value of and at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Loans held for sale 
 
 -

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and at June
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 1 

Real estate acquired through foreclosure 

Office premises and equipment - at depreciated cost 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock - at cost 

Accrued interest receivable 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Goodwill 
 -

Prepaid income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Savings 

Certificates of deposit 

Demand deposit accounts 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued interest payable 

Deferred income taxes 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value; no shares issued 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, shares authorized, par value; shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings - restricted 

Treasury shares at cost, common shares at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders 
 equity 

1 

26 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023 

(Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share data) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Interest income 

Loans, including fees 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Interest-bearing deposits and other 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

Net gains on sales of loans 

Net gain on sale of property and equipment 
 -

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Data processing 

Occupancy and equipment 

FDIC insurance premiums 

Voice and data communications 

Advertising 

Outside service fees 

Audit and accounting 

Franchise and other taxes 

Foreclosure and REO expense, net 

Regulatory Assessments 

Goodwill Impairment 
 
 -

Other non-interest expense 

Total non-interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Current 

Deferred 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

27 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax-related effects: 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) on securities designated as available for sale during the year, net of taxes (benefits) of and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

28 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023 

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share
data) 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 Unearned employee 
 stock ownership 
 plan 
 (ESOP) 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 income (loss) 
 Total 

Balance at July 1, 2022 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Allocation of ESOP shares 
 - 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Acquisition of shares for treasury 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Other comprehensive loss, net 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cash dividends of per common share 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2023 

-

Adoption of CECL, net of tax effect 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at July 1, 2024 after adoption of CECL 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Other comprehensive income, net 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cash dividends of per common share 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2024 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

29 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating
 activities: 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Accretion of purchased loan discount 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on investment securities, net 

Amortization of deferred loan origination costs (fees) 

Net gain on sale of loans 

Net gain on real estate owned 
 
 -

ESOP compensation expense 
 -

Net gain on sale of property equipment 
 -

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

Provision for credit losses 

Origination of loans held for sale 

Proceeds from loans held for sale 

Deferred income tax 

Changes in: 

Accrued interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accrued interest payable 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of investments available for sale 
 -

Purchase of FHLB stock 

Investment securities maturities, prepayments and calls: 

Held to maturity 

Available for sale 

Proceeds from redemption of FHLB stock 

Proceeds from sale of property equipment 
 -

Loans originated for investment, net of principal collected 

Proceeds from sale of real estate owned 
 
 -

Additions to premises and equipment, net 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in deposits 

Payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance, net 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Repayments on Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Treasury stock purchases 
 -

Dividends paid on common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning cash and cash equivalents 

Ending cash and cash equivalents 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

30 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

For the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 

Interest on deposits and borrowings 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: 

Transfers from loans to real estate acquired through foreclosure 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

31 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

32 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

days delinquent and on other loans
at the time a loan is days delinquent. All other loans are moved to non-accrual status in accordance with the Company s policy,
typically days after the loan becomes delinquent. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans
are placed on nonaccrual or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. Nonaccrual
loans and loans past due days still on accrual include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for
impairment and individually classified impaired loans. 

and in loans held for sale, respectively. 

 and during the years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The carrying value of the Company s mortgage servicing rights totaled approximately
 and at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair value of the Company s mortgage servicing rights totaled
approximately and at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million and million that had been sold to the Federal Home Loan Bank at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 

at June 30, 2024 and at June 30, 2023. 

33 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

years for owner-occupied properties. For these properties a borrower may be able to
borrow up to of the value with private mortgage insurance. Alternatively, the borrower may be able to borrow up to of the value
through other programs offered by the bank. 

loan-to-value LTV ratio and we generally charge a slightly higher interest rate
on such loans. 

of the appraised value, and provide for the payment of interest only during the construction
phase. Funds are disbursed as progress is made toward completion of the construction. 

years or
less and do not exceed of the appraised value. Loans secured by multi-family and commercial real estate generally have larger balances
and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. These loans depend on the borrower s
creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties often depend
on successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment on such loans may be subject to a greater extent to
adverse conditions in the real estate market or economy than owner-occupied residential loans. 

34 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

6. Allowance for credit losses : (continued) 

of the estimated value of the property. We do offer
home equity loans up to of the estimated value to qualified borrowers and these loans carry a premium interest rate. Loans secured
by savings are originated up to of the depositor s savings account balance and bear interest at a rate higher than the rate
paid on the deposit account. Because the deposit account must be pledged as collateral to secure the loan, the inherent risk of this
type of loan is minimal. Loans secured by automobiles are made directly to consumers (there are no relationships with dealers) and are
based on the value of the vehicle and the borrower s creditworthiness. Vehicle loans present a higher level of risk because of
the natural decline in the value of the property as well as its mobility. Unsecured loans are based entirely on the borrower s
creditworthiness and present the highest level of risk to the bank. 

35 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

for buildings,
ten to forty years for building improvements, and to for furniture and equipment. When management initiates a plan to dispose
of assets, those assets are transferred to fixed assets held for sale and evaluated for potential impairment. At June 30, 2024 the Company
had fixed assets held for sale of . 

likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company recognizes
interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters as income tax expense. 

million and million for the plan years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our contributions for fiscal 2023
and 2022 were not more than of the total contributions made to the Pentegra DB Plan. Pension expense is the net contributions, which
are based upon covered employees age and salaries and are dependent upon the ultimate prescribed benefits of the participants and
the funded status of the plan. The Company recognized expense related to the plans totaling approximately and for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There are no collective bargaining agreements in place that require contributions
to the Pentegra DB Plan. As of July 1, 2023, the most recent period for which information is available, the Banks had an adjusted funding
target attainment percentage AFTAP of . There are no funding improvement plans or surcharges to participants. Effective
July 1, 2016, sponsorship of the plan was transferred to the Company, benefits ratios were standardized and prospectively each bank will
contribute to the plan based generally on its pro rata share of future benefits. Effective April 1, 2019, the Company elected to freeze
benefits to its employee participants. 

36 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

11. Retirement and Employee Benefit
Plans : (continued) 

for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Vested shares of
the Company common stock allocated to participant accounts are distributed to participants following their termination of employment.
 shares of Company common stock were distributed from the ESOP as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

and for the years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Shares committed to be released 
 -
 
 -

Unearned shares 
 -
 
 -

Total ESOP shares 

Fair value of unearned shares at end of period 
 -
 
 -

EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

37 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

-

-

2023 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 
 -

-

38 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

13. Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities :
(continued) 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Loans receivable - net 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

n/a 
 
 Accrued interest receivable 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued interest payable 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Loans receivable - net 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

n/a 
 
 Accrued interest receivable 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued interest payable 

. 

million was originally recorded in March 2005 when the Company, as part of its initial public offering, purchased Frankfort First Bancorp,
Inc., with a portion of the stock and cash proceeds from the offering. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business
combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually. At June 30,
2023, the company had 947,000 remaining goodwill that had not been considered impaired. At June 30, 2024, the annual impairment test
indicated that goodwill was impaired and a goodwill impairment charge equal to the entire balance of our goodwill balance was
taken. 

39 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Changes in composition of related parties 
 
 -

Principal disbursed during the year 
 
 -

Principal repaid and refinanced during the year 

Outstanding principal, end of year 

million and million, respectively. 

40 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

increase from the Allowance for Loan Losses ALLL at June 30, 2023. This transaction further resulted in an increase of to the ACL for unfunded commitments,
a decrease of to retained earnings and a deferred tax asset of . 

41 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

-

Held-to-maturity Securities 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 
 -

-

Held-to-maturity Securities 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 
 -

At June 30, 2024, the Company s
debt securities consisted of mortgage-backed securities, which do not have a single maturity date. Actual maturities may differ from
contractual maturities, because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

There were no sales of securities during
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 or 2023. At June 30, 2024 the Company had million in available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities
with gross unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months and in available-for-sale
mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses that had been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. At June
30, 2023, the Company had no available-for-sale mortgage-backed with gross unrealized losses greater than 12 months and million
in available-for-sale mortgage backed with gross unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position for less than
12 months. 

At June 30, 2024 the Company had 
in held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position for
more than 12 months and no held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses that had been in an unrealized loss
position for less than 12 months. At June 30, 2023 the Company had in held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities with gross
unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months and no held-to-maturity mortgage-backed
securities with gross unrealized losses that had been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. 

Securities in an unrealized loss position
as a percent of total securities were at both June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Unrealized losses on agency mortgage-backed
securities have not been recognized into income because they are of high credit quality (rated AA or higher), management does not intend
to sell and it is likely that management will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline
in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions. The fair value is expected to recover as the investments
reach maturity. 

At June 30, 2024 and 2023, pledged
securities totaled million and million, respectively. In addition, at June 30, 2024 and 2023, our pledged assets also included
overnight deposits of million and million, respectively. 

42 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Multi-family 

Construction 

Land 

Farm 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

Home equity 

Automobile 

Unsecured 

Allowance for credit losses 

The amounts above include net deferred
loan fees of and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

43 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

and in loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at June 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

June 30, 2024: 

-

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

-

Home Equity 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Loans collectivelly evaluated for impairment: 

Residential real estate 

One- to four-family 

Multi-family 

Construction 

Land 

Farm 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

-

Home equity 

Automobile 

-

Unsecured 

June 30, 2023: 

-

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

-

Home Equity 
 
 -

-

-

Loans collectivelly evaluated for impairment: 

Residential real estate 

One- to four-family 

Multi-family 

Construction 

Land 

Farm 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

Home equity 

Automobile 

-

Unsecured 

44 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

-

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Home equity 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Unsecured 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

June 30, 2023: 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Residential real estate 

One- to four-family 
 
 -

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Home equity 
 
 -

Unsecured 
 -
 
 -

-

45 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

. The tables include
loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. At June 30, 2024, the table below includes approximately of loans on nonaccrual
and no loans past due over days and still accruing of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality, while at June 30, 2023, approximately
 of loans on nonaccrual and no loans past due over days and still accruing represent such loans. At both June 30, 2024 and
2023, there is in allowance for credit loss for nonaccrual loans as they have incurred a loss in the amount that brings them to fair
value. 

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

-

Commercial and industrial 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Home equity 
 -
 
 -

-

Unsecured 
 -

-

One- to four-family loans in process
of foreclosure totaled and at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings: 

Prior to the adoption of ASC 326 a
Troubled Debt Restructuring TDR was the situation where the Bank granted a concession to the borrower that the Banks
would not otherwise have considered due to the borrower s financial difficulties. All TDRs are considered impaired. 

At June 30, 2023, the Company had of loans classified as TDRs. 

There were no loans modified to borrowers
experiencing financial difficulty during the year ended June 30, 2024. 

46 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

. The tables include loans acquired
with deteriorated credit quality. At June 30, 2024, the table below includes in loans 30-59 days past due and approximately 
of loans past due over 90 days that were acquired with deteriorated credit quality, while at June 30, 2023, the table below includes 
in loans 30-89 days past due and approximately of loans past due over 90 days of such loans. 

June 30, 2024: 

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 

-

Land 
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 -
 
 -

Automobile 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 

-

June 30, 2023: 

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -

Automobile 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -
 
 -

47 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

48 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 --

-

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Multi-family 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Current period gross charge offs 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-
 
 -

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-
 
 -

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

- 

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 

Substandard 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

- 

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Share Loans 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home Equity 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Auto 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 

Risk Rating: 

Pass 

-

Special mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Doubtful 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

Current period gross charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

49 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

June 30, 2024: 

-

Multi-family 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 
 
 -

-

Farm 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-

Commercial and industrial 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -

-

Automobile 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

June 30, 2023: 

-

Multi-family 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-

Commercial and industrial 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -

-

Automobile 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

50 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

June 30, 2024: 

-
 
 -

Multi-family 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 

-
 
 -

Land 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 

Automobile 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

June 30, 2023: 

Multi-family 

-
 
 -

Construction 

-
 
 -

Land 

-
 
 -

Farm 

-
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-

Commercial and industrial 

-
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 

-
 
 -

Automobile 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Unsecured 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

51 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

and , at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, was as follows: 

Accretion of income 

Balance at end of year 

For those purchased loans disclosed
above, the Company made no increase in allowance for loan losses for the years ended June 30, 2024 or 2023, nor were any allowance for
loan losses reversed during those years. 

Loans transferred to real estate owned 

Capitalized expenditures 
 -
 
 -

Valuation adjustments 
 -
 
 -

Disposals 
 
 -

Balance at end of year 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Balance at end of year 

52 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

million was originally
recorded in March 2005 when the Company, as part of its initial public offering, purchased Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc., with a portion
of the stock and cash proceeds from the offering. The Company had million of goodwill net of impairment losses of million
and at June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, a prolonged decline in the stock price of
the Company exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and its related economic impact led to management s performance of a goodwill
impairment analysis as of June 30, 2020. Based on the results of this analysis and in conjunction with management s early adoption
of ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment , the estimated fair value
of the Company was less than book value, resulting in a million goodwill impairment charge. Goodwill impairment exists when a Company s
reporting unit s carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Subsequently, further decreases in stock price in the year
ended June 30, 2024 led to the carrying value of goodwill exceeding the fair value. Testing done in the year of 2024 indicated this and
led to an impairment charge of the entire amount of . 

Checking accounts 

Savings Accounts 

Money market demand deposits 

Total demand, transaction and passbook deposits 

Certificates of deposit 

Total deposits 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

At June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
had certificate of deposit accounts with balances equal to or in excess of totaling approximately million and million,
respectively. Brokered certificates of deposit totaled million at June 30, 2024 compared to million at June 30, 2023. 

53 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

million and million, respectively, and the Banks investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock, are summarized
as follows: 

2025 

2026 

At June 30, 2024 interest rates for
advances were fixed ranging from to , with a weighted-average interest rate of . 

Each advance is payable at its maturity
date, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances. Based on collateral composed of first mortgage loans and the Company s
holdings of FHLB stock, the Company was eligible to borrow up to million as of June 30, 2024. In addition, we have the ability
to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. At June 30, 2024, based on home equity loans and share loans we had pledged
collateral which would enable us to borrow up to million. First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky at June 30, 2024, had a million
Fed Funds line of credit with the Independent Correspondent Bankers Bank. 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

State income tax expense (benefit) 

Goodwill Impairment 
 
 -

Other 

54 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE I - INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Unfunded Commitments 
 
 -

Accrued expenses 

Fair value accounting adjustments at acquisition 

Nonaccrued interest on loans 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Depreciation 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends 

Deferred loan origination costs 

Loan servicing rights 

Accrual to cash adjustment 

Fair value accounting adjustments on acquisition 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

The Company has federal and state net
operating loss carryforward of and million, respectively. million of the state net operating loss begins to expire
in June of 2036 and fully expires in June of 2038, while the remaining state net operating loss is carried forward indefinitely. 
The federal net operating loss of is carried forward indefinitely. 

Prior to 1997, the Banks were allowed
a special bad debt deduction, generally limited to of otherwise taxable income, and subject to certain limitations based on aggregate
loans and deposit account balances at the end of the year. If the amounts that qualified as deductions for federal income taxes are later
used for purposes other than bad debt losses, including distributions in excess of accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions
will be subject to federal income taxes at the then current corporate income tax rate. Retained earnings at June 30, 2024 include
approximately million for which federal and state income taxes have not been provided. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability
relating to the cumulative bad debt deduction was approximately million at June 30, 2024. 

55 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE J - LOAN COMMITMENTS (continued) 

-

Commitments to fund real estate construction loans 
 -

-

Other unused commitments: 

Commercial and industrial loans 

Other 

Letters of credit 
 -

-

Commitments to make loans are generally
made for periods of 60 days or less. There were no fixed rate loan commitments to fund real estate construction loans at June 30, 2024.
Other unused commitments include real estate loan commitments, which represent the primary loans made by the Banks. Long-term, fixed
rate mortgage loans are usually sold to the FHLB, as part of the Company s interest rate risk strategy. 

of
assets be maintained in housing-related finance and other specified assets. If the QTL test is not met, limits are placed on growth,
branching, new investment, FHLB advances, and dividends or the institutions must convert to a commercial bank charter. Management believes
that the QTL test has been met. 

Dividend Restrictions Dividends
from the Banks are the primary source of funds for the Company. Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid to
the Company by the Banks without prior approval of the Office of the Controller of the Currency (the OCC. Under these
regulations the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to the current year s net profits, combined
with the retained net profits of the preceding two years. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements
 The Banks are subject to minimum regulatory capital standards promulgated by the OCC. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory -- and possibly additional discretionary -- actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the
Company s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital
amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other
factors. 

In August 2024, First Federal of Kentucky
entered into an Agreement with the OCC. The OCC has also imposed individual minimum capital requirements IMCRs which
require First Federal of Kentucky to achieve and maintain capital levels in excess of the minimum capital standards required under OCC s
Prompt Corrective Action framework. Under the IMCRs, First Federal of Kentucky must achieve and maintain a common equity tier 1 capital
ratio of at least , a tier 1 capital ratio of at least , a total capital ratio of at least , and a leverage ratio of at
least . At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky exceeded the requirements of the IMCRs as its common equity tier 1 capital ratio
was , its tier 1 capital ratio was , its total capital ratio was , and its leverage ratio was . 

Prompt corrective action regulations
provide five classifications: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically
undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval
is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and
capital restoration plans are required. 

Capital Standards Effective
January 1, 2020, the Company and the Banks became subject to the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework. Previously
the Company and the Banks were subject to regulatory capital reforms in accordance with Basel III. 

56 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE K - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND REGULATORY
CAPITAL (continued) 

billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio (referred to as the community
bank leverage ratio of greater than , were eligible to opt-in to the CBLR framework. The CBLR ratio is the ratio of a banking
organization s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets as reported on the banking organization s applicable
regulatory filings. The Banks elected to utilize the CBLR framework effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. 

In April 2020, federal banking regulators
issued temporary changes to the CBLR framework according to certain directives of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act. These changes were adopted as a final rule and applied to those banking organizations otherwise meeting the
other existing qualifying criteria. The changes temporarily reduced the minimum ratio from to through the end of 2020 and established
a two-quarter grace period for qualifying community banking organizations. The final rule provided for a transition from the temporary
 CBLR requirement to a requirement by establishing a minimum CBLR of for 2021 and thereafter, while maintaining a two-quarter
grace period for qualifying community banking organizations whose leverage ratios fall no more than 100 basis points below the applicable
CBLR requirement. 

Under this framework the Company and
the Banks would be considered well-capitalized under the applicable guidelines. 

The Basel III, which became effective
January 1, 2015, established higher minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, a new common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
and a new capital conservation buffer CCB. The regulations also included revisions to the definition of capital and changes
in the risk-weighting of certain assets, in addition to redefining well capitalized as a common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio, an Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, a total risk-based capital ratio and a Tier 1 leverage ratio. The
CCB is and, if the Company and the Banks were unable to qualify for the CBLR framework, in order to avoid limitations on capital
distributions, including dividend payments, engaging in share repurchases and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers,
must maintain the CCB at the appropriate level. 

In August 2024, First Federal of Kentucky
entered into an Agreement with the OCC. The OCC has also imposed IMCRs which require First Federal of Kentucky to achieve and maintain
capital levels in excess of the minimum capital standards required under OCC s Prompt Corrective Action framework. Under the IMCRs,
First Federal of Kentucky must achieve and maintain a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 9.0 , a tier 1 capital ratio of at
least 11.0 , a total capital ratio of at least 12.0 , and a leverage ratio of at least 9.0 . At June 30, 2024, First Federal of Kentucky
exceeded the requirements of the IMCRs as its common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its tier 1 capital ratio was 16.25 , its
total capital ratio was 16.25 , and its leverage ratio was 10.24 . 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

June 30, 2023 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

57 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE K - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND REGULATORY
CAPITAL (continued) 

and million were waived in fiscal years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively. 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Interest-bearing deposits in First Federal of Kentucky 

Other interest-bearing deposits 
 -
 
 -

Investment in First Federal of Hazard 

Investment in Frankfort First 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

58 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE L - CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP (continued) 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Years ended June 30, 2024
and 2023 

Non-interest income 
 -
 
 -

Dividends from First Federal of Hazard 
 - 

Equity in undistributed (excess distributed) earnings of First Federal of Hazard 

Dividends from Frankfort First 
 - 

Equity in undistributed (excess distributed) earnings of Frankfort First 

Total income 

Non-interest expenses 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax-related effects: 

Unrealized holding losses on securities designated as available-for-sale during the year, net of taxes (benefits) of and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 

59 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE L - CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP (continued) 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL
BANCORP 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Excess (deficit) distributions over earnings (undistributed earnings from consolidated subsidiaries 

Noncash compensation expense 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in cash due to changes in: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Treasury stock purchases 

Dividends paid on common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

60 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp would like to recognize our employees
who work hard every day to maximize the value of your investment: 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

Frankfort-Danville-Lancaster 

Shannon Ackerman 
 Loan Servicing 
 
 Lesa
 Asbery 
 Customer
 Service Leader 
 
 Lyndi
 Baker 
 Customer
 Service Leader 
 
 Brenda
 Baldwin 
 Financial
 analyst 
 
 Melissa
 Banta 
 Vice
 President Human Resources 
 
 Chase
 Barnett 
 Vice
 President Loan Officer 
 
 Phyllis
 Bryant 
 Customer
 Service Rep 
 
 Kelsey
 Carter 
 Customer
 Service Leader 
 
 Katresha
 Clay 
 Customer
 Service Rep 
 
 Andrea
 Cline 
 Accounting
 Assistant 
 
 Lisa
 Craig 
 Vice
 President Deposit Operations 
 
 Tracie
 Crawley 
 Digital
 Banking Coordinator 
 
 Becky
 Crowe 
 Customer
 Service Leader 
 
 Deryl
 Curtis 
 Loan
 Servicing Specialist 
 
 Cortney
 Dillingham 
 Vice
 President Chief Credit Officer 
 
 Betty
 Doolin 
 Audit
 Coordinator for Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 Julie Driskell 
 Loan Officer/Loan Coordinator 
 
 Tyler
 Eades 
 Vice
 President/Chief Financial Officer of Kentucky First Federal 

Bancorp
 and Chief Financial Officer of First Federal of Hazard 
 
 Diana
 Eads 
 Customer
 Service Leader 
 
 Dalya Edmonds 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Tiffaney
 Elliott 
 Chief
 Operating Officer Danville-Lancaster and Chief Financial 

Officer
 of First Federal of Kentucky 
 
 Jamey
 Ensley 
 Information
 Technology 
 
 Debra
 Freeman 
 Customer
 Service Leader/Training Coordinator 
 
 Stacey
 Greenawalt 
 Vice
 President Head of Residential Lending 
 
 Bernice
 Harrod 
 Assistant
 Vice President Loan Processing Coordinator 
 
 Melissa
 Harrod 
 Customer
 Service Rep 
 
 Karen
 Hatfield 
 Assistant
 Vice President/Customer Service Leader 
 
 Ronald
 Howard 
 Vice
 President/Chief Lancaster Market Officer 
 
 Brittany
 Hulette 
 Accounting
 Assistant 
 
 Teresa
 Hulette 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 
 Don
 Jennings 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

61 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

Frankfort-Danville-Lancaster, continued 

Eve
 Ann Jones 
 Customer
 Service Rep/Marketing Assistant 
 
 Sara
 Mack 
 Accounting
 Department Coordinator 
 
 Christy McConnell 
 Loan Processor 
 
 Tracey
 McCoun 
 Vice
 President/BSA Officer/Deposit Compliance Officer 
 
 Christina
 Miller 
 Customer
 Service Rep 
 
 Samantha
 Miller 
 Vice
 President/Loan Compliance Officer/Credit Analyst 
 
 Carolyn
 Mulcahy 
 Assistant
 Vice President/Administrative Assistant 
 
 Jeanie
 Murphy 
 Loan
 Servicing Specialist 
 
 Jennifer Nelson 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Beth Palk 
 Deposit Development Officer 
 
 Megan Prather 
 Loan Assistant 
 
 Lavenna
 Quire 
 Vice
 President/Loan Officer 
 
 David
 Semones 
 Security
 Officer/Loan Assistant 
 
 Cynthia
 Shank 
 Customer
 Service Rep 
 
 Jenny
 Stump 
 Loan
 Processor 
 
 Yvonne
 Thornberry 
 Loan
 Servicing 
 
 Mike
 Ware 
 Vice
 President/Information Technology Manager 
 
 Samantha West 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Jennifer
 Whalen 
 Vice
 President/Loan Officer 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

Jaime
 S. Coffey 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Carlen
 Dixon 
 Vice
 President/Loan Officer/Information Technology 
 
 Ava
 Dixon 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Jamie
 Haynes 
 Assistant
 Vice President/Treasurer 
 
 Melissa
 Matthews 
 Customer
 Service Rep 
 
 Margaret
 S. Petrey 
 Vice
 President/Head Teller 
 
 Lauren
 Riley 
 Vice
 President/Collections/Loan Officer 
 
 Jessica
 Watts 
 Vice
 President/Secretary/Loan Administration 

62 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Board of Directors : 

Stephen G. Barker, Attorney and President
and General Counsel to Kentucky River Properties, LLC 

Walter G. Ecton, Jr., Attorney and principal
of Ecton, Murphy and Shannon, PLLC 

Lou Ella Farler, former President and CEO
of First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

William D. Gorman, Jr., former President and
CEO of Hazard Insurance Agency 

David R. Harrod, CPA, principal of Harrod
and Associates, PSC 

R. Clay Hulette, CPA, retired
CFO of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 

Don D. Jennings, President, Kentucky First
Federal Bancorp 

William H. Johnson, former Danville/Lancaster
area President, First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard Board of Directors : 

Stephen G. Barker 
 
 Jaime Coffey 
 
 Walter G. Ecton, Jr. 
 
 Lou Ella Farler, Chair 
 
 William D. Gorman, Jr. 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky Board
of Directors : 

Russell M. Brooks 
 
 J. Mark Goggans 
 
 David R. Harrod 
 
 R. Clay Hulette 
 
 Don D. Jennings, Chairman 
 
 William H. Johnson 
 
 Yvonne Y. Morley 
 
 Jerry M. Purcell 
 
 Mark Stamper 

Virginia R.S. Stump 

Special Counsel 
 
 Kilpatrick Townsend Stockton
 LLP 

701 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Suite 200 

Washington, DC 20004 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 EQ formerly known as American Stock Transfer 
 Trust Company, LLC 

6201 15 th Avenue 

Brooklyn, NY 11219 

(718) 921-8124 

The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will
be held on November 14, 2024 at 4:30 p.m. at the Challenger Center on the campus of Hazard Community and Technical College located at
One Community Drive in Hazard, KY. 

Shareholder Inquiries and Availability of
10-K Reports: A COPY OF THE COMPANY S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024, AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE TO SHAREHOLDERS AS OF THE RECORD DATE FOR THE NOVEMBER 14, 2024 ANNUAL MEETING,
UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO: 

Investor Relations: 
 
 Don Jennings 
 
 don.jennings@ffsbky.bank 

Tyler Eades 
 
 tyler.eades@ffsbky.bank 

(502) 223-1638 or 1-888-818-3372 
216 W Main St 
PO Box 535 
Frankfort, KY 40602 

63 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 3
 ea021544001ex21_kentucky.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

State or Other 

Jurisdiction of 
 Percentage 

Incorporation 
 Ownership 
 
 Parent 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 United States 
 N/A 
 
 Subsidiaries (1) 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 
 United States 
 100 
 
 Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky (2) 
 United States 
 100 

(1) 
 The assets, liabilities
 and operations of the subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements contained in the Annual Report to Stockholders
 attached hereto as Exhibit 13. 

(2) 
 Wholly owned subsidiary
 of Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ea021544001ex31-1_kentucky.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Don D. Jennings, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-(15)(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: October 3, 2024 

/s/
 Don D. Jennings 

Don D. Jennings 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ea021544001ex31-2_kentucky.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

I, Tyler W. Eades, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-(15)(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: October 3, 2024 

/s/ Tyler W. Eades 

Tyler W. Eades 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ea021544001ex32_kentucky.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned executive officers of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (the Registrant hereby certify that this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

By: 
 /s/
 Don D. Jennings 

Name: 
 Don D. Jennings 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Tyler W. Eades 

Name: 
 Tyler W. Eades 

Title: 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date: October 3, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 7
 ea021544001ex97_kentucky.htm
 KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP INCENTIVE-COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT POLICY

Exhibit 97 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

 INCENTIVE-COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT POLICY 

1. Policy Purpose; Effective Date and Retroactive Application .
The purpose of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp, Inc. s (the Company Incentive-Compensation Recoupment Policy
(the Policy is to enable the Company to recoup Erroneously Awarded Compensation in the event that the Company is
required to prepare an Accounting Restatement. This Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent
with, Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange
Act and Rule 5608 of the Nasdaq Listing Rules (the Listing Rule ). The Policy shall apply to any Incentive-Based
Compensation that is received by an Executive Officer on or after the Effective Date, even if such Incentive-Based Compensation was approved,
awarded, granted or paid to an Executive Officer prior to the Effective Date, and, subject to the terms stated in this Policy, the Committee
may affect recoupment under this Policy from any amount of compensation approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Executive
prior to, on or after the Effective Date. Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7 . 

2. Policy Administration . This Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the
 Board (the Committee ), unless otherwise determined by the Board. The Committee shall have full and final
 authority to make all determinations under this Policy, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and in
 compliance with Section 409A of the Code. All determinations and decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of this
 Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its affiliates, its stockholders and Executive
 Officers. Any action or inaction by the Committee with respect to an Executive Officer under this Policy shall not limit the
 Committee s actions or decisions not to act with respect to any other Executive Officer under this Policy or under any similar
 policy, agreement or arrangement, nor shall any such action or inaction serve as a waiver of any rights the Company may have against
 any Executive Officer other than as set forth in this Policy. 

3. Policy Application . This Policy shall apply to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by a person:
(a) after beginning service as an Executive Officer; (b) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period
for such Incentive-Based Compensation; (c) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national
securities association; and (d) during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement Date. In addition
to such last three completed fiscal years, the immediately preceding clause (d) includes any transition period that results from a change
in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years; provided, however, that a transition
period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a
period of nine to twelve months shall be deemed a completed fiscal year. For purposes of this Section 3 , Incentive-Based Compensation
is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based
Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of such period.
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to both a Financial Reporting Measure vesting condition and
a service-based vesting condition shall be considered received when the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is achieved, even if the
Incentive-Based Compensation continues to be subject to the service-based vesting condition and (ii) compensatory awards that vest solely
by reference to the completion of a service period, that are discretionary or that are based on the attainment of goals unrelated to Financial
Reporting Measures are not Incentive-Based Compensation for purposes of this Policy. 

4. Recoupment Requirement . In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company must recoup, reasonably
promptly, Erroneously Awarded Compensation, in amounts determined pursuant to this Policy. The Company s obligation to recoup Erroneously
Awarded Compensation is not dependent on if or when the Company files restated financial statements. Recoupment under this Policy with
respect to an Executive Officer shall not require the finding of any misconduct by such Executive Officer or a finding that such Executive
Officer is responsible for the accounting error leading to an Accounting Restatement. In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company
shall satisfy the Company s obligations under this Policy to recoup any amount owed from any applicable Executive Officer by exercising
its sole and absolute discretion in how to accomplish such recoupment, to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and in compliance
with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. By way of example, the method of recoupment may include,
without limitation, any of the following: (i) seeking reimbursement of all or part of any cash or equity-based award; (ii) cancelling
prior cash or equity-based awards, whether vested or unvested or paid or unpaid; (iii) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future
cash or equity-based awards; (iv) forfeiture of deferred compensation, subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue
Code and the regulations thereunder; and (v) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract. For the avoidance of doubt, subject
to compliance with applicable law, the Committee may affect recoupment under this Policy from any amount otherwise payable to an Executive
Officer, including, without limitation, base salary, bonuses or commissions and compensation previously deferred by the Executive Officer. 

The Company s recoupment obligation
pursuant to this Section 4 shall not apply to the extent that the Committee, or in the absence of the Committee, a majority of
the independent directors serving on the Board, determines that and one of the following conditions is satisfied and, therefore, recoupment
would be impracticable: 

i. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to
be recouped. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recoup any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense
of enforcement, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recoup such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s)
to recoup, and provide that documentation to the Stock Exchange; or 

ii. Recoupment would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly
available to employees of the registrant, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Code. 

5. Prohibition on Indemnification and Insurance Reimbursement .
The Company is prohibited from indemnifying any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of Erroneously Awarded
Compensation. Further, the Company is prohibited from paying or reimbursing an Executive Officer for purchasing insurance to cover any
such loss. 

6. Required Filings . The Company shall file all disclosures
with respect to this Policy and actions taken pursuant to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the federal securities laws,
including disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Stock Exchange. A copy of this Policy and any amendments
hereto shall be posted on the Company s website and filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K. 

7. Definitions . 

Accounting Restatement 
means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities
laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to
the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current
period or left uncorrected in the current period. 

Accounting Restatement Date 
means the earlier to occur of: (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized
to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare
an Accounting Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulatory agency, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare
an Accounting Restatement. 

Board means the
board of directors of the Company. 

Code means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and any regulations promulgated under the Code. 

Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 means, in the event of an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation previously received that exceeds the
amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts in
such Accounting Restatement. The amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be determined on a gross basis without regard to any
taxes paid by the relevant Executive Officer; provided, however, that for Incentive-Based Compensation based on the Company s stock
price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly
from the information in an Accounting Restatement: (i) the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be based on a reasonable estimate
of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation
was received, and (ii) the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide such documentation
to the Stock Exchange. In the case of Incentive-Based Compensation credited or contributed to a notional account balance, Erroneously
Awarded Compensation shall be the amount subject to recoupment and any earnings accrued on such amount through the date of recoupment. 

Executive Officer 
means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer,
the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function , any other officer who
performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. An executive officer
of the Company s parent or subsidiary is deemed an Executive Officer if the executive officer performs policy
making functions for the Company. 

Financial Reporting Measure 
means any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s
financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure; provided, however, that a Financial Reporting
Measure is not required to be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and
Exchange Commission to qualify as a Financial Reporting Measure. Financial Reporting Measures include but are not limited to the following
(and any measures derived from the following): Company stock price; total shareholder return; revenues; net income; operating income;
profitability of one or more reportable segments; financial ratios (e.g., accounts receivable turnover and inventory turnover rates);
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; funds from operations and adjusted funds from operations; liquidity measures
(e.g., working capital, operating cash flow); return measures (e.g., return on invested capital, return on assets); earnings measures
(e.g., earnings per share); and any of such financial reporting measures relative to a peer group, where the Company s financial
reporting measure is subject to an Accounting Restatement. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s
financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

2 

Incentive-Based Compensation 
means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 

Stock Exchange 
means the national stock exchange on which the Company s common stock is listed. 

8. Severability . To the extent that any provision of this
Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision shall be applied to the maximum extent permitted
and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations
required under applicable law. 

9. Amendment; Termination . The Board may amend this Policy
from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion and may amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with the Listing Rule
or to comply with (or maintain an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. The Board may terminate this Policy at
any time; provided that the termination of this Policy would not cause the Company to violate the federal securities laws, or the rules
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Listing Rule. 

10. Other Recoupment Obligations; General Rights . To the
extent that the application of this Policy would provide for recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation that is also subject to recoupment
under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the amount the Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company will be credited to
the required recoupment under this Policy. This Policy shall not limit the rights of the Company to take any other actions or pursue
other remedies that the Company may deem appropriate under the circumstances and under applicable law, in each case to the extent permitted
under the Listing Rule and in compliance with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. Nothing
contained in this Policy shall limit the Company s ability to seek recoupment, in appropriate circumstances (including circumstances
beyond the scope of this Policy) and as permitted by applicable law, of any amounts from any individual, in each case to the extent permitted
under the Listing Rule and in compliance with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. 

11. Effective Date; Applicability . The effective date of
this Policy is December 1, 2023. Any applicable award agreement or other document setting forth the terms and conditions of any compensation
covered by this policy shall be deemed to include the restrictions imposed herein and incorporate this policy by reference and, in the
event of any inconsistency, the terms of this policy will govern. 

12. Successors . This Policy is binding and enforceable against
all Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

13. Governing Law . This Policy and all rights and obligations
hereunder are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, excluding any choice of law rules
or principles that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 

2 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 kffb-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 kffb-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 kffb-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 kffb-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kffb-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

