<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-K_edgar_data_1477246_0000950170-24-120144.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21191473</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>789130</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2954091</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8441167</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3229744</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5123941</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-120144.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101170252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-120144
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		170
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			S&W Seed Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001477246
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271275784
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34719
		FILM NUMBER:		241419895

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2101 KEN PRATT BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			LONGMONT
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720) 506-9191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2101 KEN PRATT BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			LONGMONT
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-120144.txt : 20241101

10-K
 1
 sanw-20240630.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 or 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 MPANY 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

., , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Capital Market 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the vo ting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based on the closing share price per market reports generated from the NASDAQ Global Select Market System on December 31, 2023. 
 The number of shares outstanding of common stock of the reg istrant as of October 28, 2024 was . 

Explanatory Note 
 S W Seed Company, or the Company, is filing this comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, or this Form 10-K. This comprehensive Form 10-K contains the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and also includes restated segment information from each of the quarterly periods included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed during the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 On October 23, 2024, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing that the Company concluded on October 17, 2024 that its previously issued unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2023, February 14, 2024 and May 14, 2024 (collectively the Non-Reliance Periods should no longer be relied upon because of errors in footnote disclosure related to segment reporting. 
 Background of Restatement 
 As further described in Item 7 included in this Form 10-K, in connection with the preparation of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company concluded that there was an error in the Quarterly Reports referenced above with respect to the number of reportable segments reported by the Company. The Company has historically reported on the basis of one reportable segment. The Company reviewed the guidelines and requirements of ASC 280, Segment Reporting , and based on its review, the Company concluded its Chief Operating Decision Maker, or CODM, who is the Company's President and CEO, began to allocate resources and assess business performance based on three segments, effective as of July 1, 2023 when he assumed this role. These three reportable segments are as follows: (i) Americas, (ii) International, and (iii) AUSDOM, which is the Company's Australian domestic business. 
 The segment reporting restatement does not have any impact on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations, or the Consolidated Statements of Cash flows, as previously reported. The Company has not filed and does not intend to file amendments to the Company s previously filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods noted above. Instead, the required segment information for the quarterly periods in fiscal 2024 is disclosed in Item 7 in this Form 10-K. 
 Internal Control Considerations 
 As discussed in Item 9A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in connection with the restatement discussed above, management identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting in relation to having inadequate controls to appropriately analyze all relevant information required for complete and accurate presentation and disclosure under U.S. GAAP. This principally resulted from (1) the failure to effectively evaluate the business information presented to and reviewed by the CODM in making decisions on assessing performance and allocating resources and (2) the failure to disaggregate revenue into appropriate subcategories for footnote disclosure purposes. Management, with concurrence of the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, has concluded that a material weakness existed at the end of each quarterly reporting period in fiscal year 2024 and as of June 30, 2024. Accordingly, although our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of each of the quarterly reporting periods in fiscal year 2024 were originally assessed to be effective, as a result of the restatement, we reevaluated our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of each of these quarterly reporting periods in fiscal year 2024 and determined this to no longer be the case, and as of June 30, 2024, these were also not effective. Our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024 was not effective due to the material weakness discussed above. 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 

PART I 
 3 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 25 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 
 28 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financing Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 94 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 94 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 95 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 

PART III 
 96 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 105 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 112 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 116 

PART IV 
 118 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 	 
 118 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 125 

SIGNATURES 
 126 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKIN G STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: statements concerning our loan agreements, including our ability to comply with and/or secure refinancing for such loan agreements; the potential effects of global macroeconomic events on our business; the plans, strategies and objectives of management for our future operations, including our expectations for new product introductions during fiscal 2025; our implementation of our strategic review (which includes our plans to reduce annual operating expenses); our partnership with Shell and its role in enabling us to reduce our operating expenses and sharpen our focus on key growth priorities; our ability to raise capital in the future; expected development, performance or market acceptance relating to our products or services or our ability to expand our grower or customer bases or to diversify our product offerings; future economic conditions or performance; our ability to retain key employees; and our assumptions, expectations and beliefs underlying any of the foregoing. These forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, designed, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, project, seek, should, target, will, would, and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors, including certain assumptions, that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the following: 
 whether we are successful in implementing our strategies focused on growth opportunities, changes in our cost structure and improved financial performance; 

whether we are able to maintain compliance with our current loan agreements, including to provide access to sufficient liquidity to pay our growers and suppliers; 

geopolitical and macroeconomic events, such as global inflation, bank failures, supply chain disruptions, uncertain market conditions, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions, the conflict in the Middle East, and the extent to which they continue to disrupt the local and global economies, as well as our business and the businesses of our customers, distributors and suppliers; 

changes in demand for our seed products, including Double Team TM , our non-GMO herbicide tolerant sorghum solution; 

whether we are able to develop and successfully launch additional trait technology products; 

whether we are successful in commercializing our current and future trait technology products, including Double Team; 

our plans for expansion of our business (including by expanding crop offerings and market share of existing offerings through acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures and other strategic transactions) and our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions into our operations; 

whether we continue to invest in research and development and whether such investment results in trait improvement across our crop categories; 

the continued ability of our distributors and suppliers to have access to sufficient liquidity to fund their operations; 

market trends and other factors affecting our financial condition or results of operations from period to period; 

the impact of crop disease, severe weather conditions, such as drought or flooding, or natural disasters, such as earthquakes, on crop quality and yields and on our ability to grow, procure or export our products; 

the impact of pricing of other crops that may influence what crops our growers elect to plant; 

whether we are successful in aligning expense levels to revenue changes; 

1 

whether we are successful in monetizing camelina and our partnership with Shell provides its anticipated benefits; 

S W Australia's voluntary administration is expected to result in S W Australia s business no longer being conducted through us, which would significantly reduce the scope of our overall worldwide operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations; 

the cost and other implications of pending or future legislation or court decisions and pending or future accounting pronouncements; and 

other risks that are described herein including but not limited to the items discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or the Annual Report, and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

You are urged to carefully review the disclosures made concerning risks and uncertainties that may affect our business or operating results, which include, among others, those described above. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Many factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, some of which are beyond our control, will be important in determining our future performance. Consequently, these statements are inherently uncertain and actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from the forward-looking statements. In light of these and other uncertainties, you should not regard the inclusion of a forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved, and you should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements represent our views as of, and speak only as of, the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and such statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, the Company, S W and S W Seed refer to S W Seed Company and its subsidiaries or, as the context may require, S W Seed Company only. Our fiscal year ends on June 30, and accordingly, the terms fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to the respective fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, with corresponding meanings to any fiscal year reference beyond such dates. Trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. 
 2 

PART I 
 Item 1.	B usiness 
 Overview 
 
 We are a global multi-crop, middle-market agricultural company that is principally engaged in breeding, growing, processing and selling agricultural seeds. In fiscal 2024, we operated seed cleaning and processing facilities located in Texas, New South Wales, and South Australia. Our seed products are primarily grown under contract by farmers. Our current focus is on growing sales of our proprietary and traited products, specifically through the expansion of Double Team TM for forage and grain sorghum products and new trait introductions, including the second generation of Double Team and Prussic Acid Free TM , or PF, improving profit margins through pricing and operational efficiencies, and developing the camelina market via a partnership formed in fiscal 2023. 
 Our seed platform develops and supplies high quality trait and germplasm designed to produce higher yields for farmers worldwide. In fiscal 2024, we sold over 650 seed products in more than 30 countries. We maintain an active product pipeline and expect to introduce over 10 new sorghum and alfalfa products during fiscal 2025 in North America. 
 In accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 280, Segment Reporting , for fiscal 2024, we determined that we have three reportable operating segments: Americas, International and AUSDOM. Refer to Note 17 contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for more information on our reportable segments. 
 Ongoing Voluntary Administration Process Involving S W Australia 
 We previously announced in 2023 that we were evaluating the possibility of a strategic transaction involving our international operations, which is headquartered within S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, or S W Australia, our wholly-owned subsidiary. That process has not resulted in the consummation of a transaction and on July 24, 2024, S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration based on its determination that S W Australia is likely to become insolvent within the meaning of section 436A(1) of Australia s Corporations Act 2001. In Australia, voluntary administration is a process whereby an insolvent company is placed in the hands of one or more independent administrators whose role is to investigate the company s affairs, to report to creditors and to recommend to creditors whether the company should enter into a deed of company arrangement, liquidation, or be returned to its board of directors. A number of factors combined to lead S W Australia to conclude that the voluntary plan of administration was necessary and advisable, including the lack of viable strategic alternatives for the entity, Saudi Arabia s recent discontinuation of import permits for alfalfa seed, and the increased risk that S W Australia would be unable to meet its loan obligations. 
 As a result of the voluntary administration process, we currently do not control S W Australia, and on October 11, 2024, creditors of S W Australia approved a proposed Deed of Company Arrangement, pursuant to which, among other things, the outstanding shares of S W Australia would be transferred to a third party. We expect that S W Australia will no longer be our subsidiary, or owned or controlled by us in any manner, at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process and therefore all of the related business conducted through S W Australia will cease to be included within the scope of our business. As a result, if, as expected, we do not regain control of S W Australia at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process, we will no longer include S W Australia in our consolidated financials. 
 S W Australia had 43.8 million in total assets, 46.4 million in total liabilities and 2.6) million in stockholders' equity as of June 30, 2024. S W Australia's revenue and net loss for the year ended June 30, 2024 were 26.4 million and 10.0) million, respectively, which is included in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024. The discussions and descriptions throughout the remainder of this Item 1 reflect our expectation that S W Australia will no longer be our subsidiary, or owned or controlled by us in any manner, at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process. 
 3 

Our Strategy 
 The global agriculture market is experiencing rapid change driven by population growth, increasing consumer demand and emerging markets, environmental challenges, limited availability of arable land and diverse regulatory requirements. As a result, farmers and other industry participants are facing continuous pressure to cost-effectively increase productivity and output. These and certain other factors have led to strategic realignments and significant consolidation in the seed industry, leaving a small number of large players. 
 We believe this environment presents an opportunity to build a global agricultural company focused on crop and market opportunities that large seed companies may overlook, underserve or ineffectively address. 
 We believe our core strengths listed below position us to capitalize on this market opportunity: 
 Strong Germplasm Asset Base and Development Capabilities . We believe we have the largest and most diversified sorghum and alfalfa germplasm pool in the world. Our germplasm pool offers traits sought by farmers who grow forage hay, forage sorghum and grain sorghum, including high yield, drought tolerance and disease tolerance. We continue to invest in research and development programs, with an emphasis on driving trait improvement across all of our crop categories. 

Cost-Efficient Supply Chain. We produce seed in the Western United States and certain other locations under contract with select third-party growers, many of which are longstanding. Our production capabilities allow us to produce seed close to the customer to ensure the seed product is developed specifically for the conditions and requirements of that customer s region and produced at low cost. We condition and package seed primarily in our own facilities located in Texas. We believe that direct ownership of our production facility assets gives us more flexibility to react to demand changes unique to each geography, greater control over product quality and a lower cost structure. 

Distribution Capabilities and Relationships. We believe that our dealer and distributor network is unique among middle-market seed companies, provides a platform to support sales growth across crop categories. 

Deep Industry Expertise. We believe that our management team has deep industry experience and a demonstrated record of success that is unmatched for a seed industry company of our size. Our leadership team includes both proven industry executives recruited to our company and top talent acquired through our various acquisitions. Mark Herrmann, our Chief Executive Officer, has over 35 years of experience in the agricultural seed industry, most recently serving as CEO of AgReliant Genetics, LLC, the third largest North American seed corn company and leader in soybeans and other supporting crops, from January 2016 to July 2020. 

Our goal is to be a leading multi-crop, middle-market agricultural company delivering value to our customers and strong financial returns to our shareholders. To reach our goal, we have prioritized the following strategic initiatives: 
 
 Focus on Key Products that Address Unmet Market Needs. We expect to introduce over 10 new sorghum and alfalfa products during fiscal 2025 in North America. We also plan to continue development activities aimed at generating high-value improved traits in our crops and to continue commercialization of seed products carrying those traits. We completed a Spring 2022 commercial launch of sorghum hybrids incorporating our proprietary, patent-pending herbicide tolerant trait as part of our Double Team collaboration with ADAMA. With the persistence and concern of drought conditions, we expect our Double Team sorghum to continue gaining market share in the coming years as it has the prior two years. In fiscal 2025, we expect to commercialize additional Double Team hybrids as well as launch the second generation of Double Team forage and grain sorghum. We are also developing and testing new sorghum products absent of prussic acid, a known toxin which can negatively impact animal health when sorghum plants are grazed. We expect our first PF hybrid will be commercialized in fiscal 2025. 

Develop Licensing Strategy Business Model to Enhance Customer Experience. In fiscal 2025, we plan to launch a new business model for many of our private label customers focused on licensing our product for them to sell. We believe that by switching to this strategy, we will not only be more aligned with our competitors, but also provide our customers with more flexibility and control over their costs. 

Exploit Production Capability for Best-In Class Cost Structure. Our streamlined supply chain provides us with flexibility in sourcing product to meet customer needs. We are focused on exploiting this ability to shift 

4 

production to low-cost areas to both support our competitive position and improve our profit margins by increasing our efficiency. 

Our Expected Fiscal 2025 Crops 
 Sorghum 
 The Sorghum Market. Sorghum comes in two types, forage and grain. Forage sorghum utilizes the whole plant fed to livestock through grazing, dried hay or sileage. Grain sorghum is bred and managed to maximize production of the seed or grain. While grain from sorghum has been traditionally used for livestock feed and in ethanol production, sorghum is gaining popularity as a substitute for wheat and other grains in food products due to its gluten-free characteristics, as well as its antioxidant, high protein, low fat, high fiber and non-GMO properties. Additionally, the pet food industry has been increasing its use of grain sorghum due to its nutritional benefits and enhanced digestibility. Sorghum requires less water to grow than many other crops and is generally used as a replacement for corn and other grains in areas where water is scarce. With the persistence and concern of drought conditions, we expect sorghum to become more prominent in the coming years. Our primary markets for sorghum are currently in the United States, Mexico, and South America. 
 S W s Sorghum Portfolio . We sell approximately 200 commercialized sorghum seed products, which includes both forage and grain sorghum. We believe that many of our sorghum hybrids are unmatched and consistently out-yield competitor products in select markets. 
 Our focus moving forward is on our trait ladened products. In fiscal 2025, we plan to commercialize two to four new homozygous Double Team hybrids. We believe Double Team sorghum is the best over-the-top grass control trait on the market. Since its initial commercial launch in fiscal 2022, we are seeing increased market adoption, as farmers are realizing the value of our proprietary trait technology. After a successful commercial launch of Double Team forage sorghum in fiscal 2024, we anticipate a fiscal 2025 launch of our second generation of Double Team forage and grain sorghum. The second generation of Double Team will provide non-GMO tolerance to broad spectrum grass herbicide with increased spray flexibility. We also plan for a fiscal 2025 commercial launch of our PF hybrid in collaboration with The Agricultural Alumni Seed Improvement Association, Inc., an affiliate of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. PF sorghum removes naturally toxic metabolite from stressed forage sorghum resulting in safe, worry-free grazing and hay. We are anticipating a commercial launch in fiscal 2028 of a stacked trait, containing Double Team grain and forage sorghum plus PF. We continue to reduce our conventional sorghum product portfolio to ease inventory management and to devote more resources to our trait ladened products. 
 Alfalfa 
 The Alfalfa Market. Alfalfa seed is primarily used for growing alfalfa hay, which is grown throughout the world as forage for livestock, including dairy and beef cattle, horses and sheep. The alfalfa industry (and therefore the alfalfa seed industry) is highly dependent on the dairy industry, which is the largest consumer of alfalfa hay. 
 S W s Alfalfa Seed Portfolio. We currently sell approximately 75 commercialized alfalfa seed products, which includes both non-dormant varieties, which grow year-round, and dormant varieties, which have adapted to cold climates by going dormant during periods when frost or snow conditions would otherwise kill them. Our specialty is high-yield alfalfa varieties with a wide range of adaptation across many growing environments. Our alfalfa seed products include varieties that exhibit the traits that farmers most value, such as high yield, root rot resistance, lodging resistance, salt tolerance, drought tolerance, leafhopper resistance and stem nematode resistance. 
 Camelina 
 In fiscal 2023, we entered into a partnership with Equilon Enterprises LLC (dba Shell Oil Products, or Shell) called Vision Bioenergy Oilseeds LLC, or Vision Bioenergy, an entity in which we currently retain a 34 minority interest. This partnership intends to develop camelina and other oilseed species from which oil and meal can be extracted for future processing into animal feed, biofuels, and other bioproducts. With a limited supply of arable land, camelina provides a long-term opportunity to maximize farmland food production. 
 On February 14, 2024, Vision Bioenergy announced it had been granted a global license to certain proprietary varieties of camelina from Yield10 BioScience, Inc., or Yield10, a leader in the development of camelina. Yield10 is supplying Vision Bioenergy certain camelina varieties, including varieties exhibiting herbicide tolerance to spray application of the broadleaf herbicide glufosinate, which we believe will enable Vision Bioenergy to accelerate its planned commercial activities, especially given that herbicide tolerance is critical to enable a ramp up to the 
 5 

commercial production of camelina. In calendar year 2024, Vision Bioenergy plans to sample this herbicide tolerance system with some of its key camelina growers, while simultaneously building planting seed supply to support a potential commercial launch in calendar year 2025. 
 Stevia 
 S W s Stevia Program. Our stevia research and development program focused on developing stevia into a U.S.-grown crop from 2009 to 2023. In fiscal 2023, our stevia program was paused, as management has elected to focus its attention on its primary crops, specifically Double Team sorghum. We continue to look for either a strategic partner in the food industry or a potential buyer for its viable stevia germplasm. 
 Product Development 
 We believe a successful seed business in the modern era should deliver a combination of two types of products: (i) traditional products of high-quality seed with genetics for high yield and end-use quality, appropriate disease and insect tolerance, and other agronomic characteristics; and (ii) differentiated products with high value proprietary traits that offer unique value for farmers or consumers and thus capture both market share and higher prices. 
 We develop the first product type, which is based on good agronomic performance, in our breeding programs at multiple locations in the United States and through collaborations in South America. These programs utilize state of the art equipment and experimental design and data analysis for field evaluation and track important agronomic traits using molecular genetic markers. Developing improved genetics for agronomic performance can take 5 to 15 years, depending on the species and specific genetic improvement targets. By maintaining a full R D pipeline of genotypes in all stages of development, we believe we can deliver new varieties each year with incremental improvements over previous varieties. 
 We develop the second product type, which emphasizes valuable and unique traits, both in-house and through exclusive collaborations. Our Double Team product was developed entirely in-house through our DNA and Tissue Culture Lab in Texas. Our PF trait, expected to have a pilot commercial launch in fiscal 2025, was developed through an exclusive arrangement with The Agricultural Alumni Seed Improvement Association, Inc., an affiliate of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. Our lab and technology personnel are focused on maintaining a continuous pipeline of traits that can be used to build value by increasing market share in both company and private label seed brands and by out-licensing to other seed companies on a royalty basis. For example, we completed our first out-license of Double Team technology to Mojo Seed in June 2022. 
 Sales, Marketing and Distribution 
 Our principal markets for sorghum and alfalfa sales are the United States, Mexico, and South America. Today, we primarily sell our seed products under the S W brand or other brands we own, such as Sorghum Partners . Private-label and licensing is an important part of our distribution strategy going forward. 
 Our customers are primarily distributors and dealers. Our distributors and dealers, in turn, sell to farmers. We believe that selling through dealers and distributors enables our products to reach growers in areas where there are geographic or other constraints on direct sales efforts. We select dealers and distributors based on shared vision, technical expertise, local market knowledge and financial stability. Over the years, we have built dealer/distributor loyalty through an emphasis on service, access to breeders, ongoing training and promotional material support. We limit the number of dealers and distributors with whom we have relationships in any particular area in order to provide adequate support and opportunity to those with whom we choose to do business. 
 Both farmers and dealers use pest-control advisors who recommend the varieties or hybrids that will produce the best results in a particular location. Therefore, a key part of our marketing strategy is to educate the consultants, as well as the farmers, as to benefits of our seed varieties and hybrids. 
 6 

We believe that our best marketing tool is the dissemination of information regarding the quality and characteristics of our propriety seed products to those persons who make the growing decisions. We continue to place advertisements in trade journals, agriculture publications, and throughout social media. We also continue to participate in seed industry conferences and trade shows and engage in various other educational and outreach programs as we deem appropriate. 
 Our sales efforts also involve significant in-person interaction with potential customers and distributors, as well as alternative approaches, including video conferencing and similar customer interaction models. 
 Seed Production 
 We produced seed in the Western United States and certain other locations under contract with select third-party contract growers. Our network of growers has the expertise needed to successfully grow high quality seed products. We have worked with many of the same growers on a long-term basis, and we believe that we have strong relationships with them. We allocate our seed production among our growers so that we can purchase the proper mix of seed each year. Our contracts with growers have terms ranging from one to seven years, depending on the crop and the production area. Our global, but localized, production capabilities allow us to produce close to the customer to ensure the seed product is developed specifically for the conditions and requirements of that region and is produced at the lowest cost. 
 We condition and package seed primarily in our own facilities located in Texas; although in some markets (for example, California and Idaho) we use third-party processing services. We believe that direct ownership of production facility assets gives us more flexibility to respond to demand changes unique to each geography, greater control over product quality and a lower cost structure. 
 Seasonality 
 We contract with growers based upon our anticipated market demand. We mill, clean, and stock the seed during the harvest season and ship from inventory throughout the year. However, our seed business is seasonal. In the Northern hemisphere, production and harvest occurs from March through September while processing and shipping finished goods primarily occurs from October through May. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 Ownership of and access to intellectual property rights are important to us. We sell proprietary seed varieties and hybrids that have been specially selected to manifest the traits we deem best suited to particular regions in which our seed is planted. Our ability to compete effectively is dependent upon the proprietary nature of the seeds, seedlings, processes, technologies and materials owned by or used by us or our growers. Our competitive position would be adversely affected if any competitors independently were to develop any technologies that substantially equal or surpass our own. 
 In some cases, we obtain patent protection or plant breeder rights registrations for certain of our seed products. However, our principal method of guarding our proprietary varieties and hybrids is exercising a high degree of control over the supply chain. As part of this control process, we require our growers to deliver back to us all seed derived from our proprietary varieties and, in the case, of hybrids, limit supply of parent seed that enables hybrid production. Historically, we have found that these control mechanisms have been an effective means to protect our proprietary seed. However, because we often do not have more formal proprietary rights protections, it would be possible for persons with access to our seed or plants grown from our seed to reproduce proprietary seed, which could significantly harm our business and our reputation. 
 Competition 
 Competition in the seed industry, both domestically and internationally, is intense and we believe it is intensifying with industry consolidation. We believe that the key competitive drivers in the industry are proven performance, customer support in the field and value, taking into account not simply the price of the seed but also performance in the field. 
 We face direct competition by other seed companies, including multinational agriculture companies, regional seed companies and small family-owned businesses, as well as subsidiaries or other affiliates of chemical, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our principal competitors by crop include: 
 7 

Sorghum. In the U.S. market, our principal competitors are Pioneer, DeKalb (a subsidiary of Bayer) and Alta (division of Advanta). In the Latin America market, our principal competitors are Nuseed, Brevant (a division of Pioneer), Dekalb (a subsidiary of Bayer), Advanta, RAGT and Group Don Mario (GDM). 

Alfalfa. In the U.S. market, our principal competitors are Forage Genetics International (a subsidiary of Land O Lakes, Inc.) with their four main brands, as well as DLF through their recent acquisition of Corteva's Alforex brand and genetics, and their rights to produce the Pioneer commercial varieties for sale under DLF branding. There are also numerous private label brands that are mostly regional in marketing and distribution. 

Many of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater research and product development capabilities and financial, marketing and human resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may: 
 succeed in developing products that are equal to or superior to our products or potential products or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products or potential products; 

devote greater resources to developing, marketing or selling their products; 

respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or scientific advances and changes in customer requirements, which could render our products or potential products obsolete or less preferable; 

obtain patents that block or otherwise inhibit our ability to develop and commercialize potential products we might otherwise develop; 

withstand price competition more successfully than we can; 

establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that enhance their ability to address the needs of our customers or prospective customers; and 

take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily than we can. 

Environmental and Regulatory Matters 
 Our agricultural operations are subject to a broad range of evolving environmental laws and regulations applicable to the markets in which we operate. These environmental laws and regulations are intended to address concerns related to air quality, storm water discharge and management and disposal of agricultural chemicals relating to seed treatment. 
 Compliance with these laws and related regulations is an ongoing process that does not, and is not expected to, have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Environmental concerns are, however, inherent in most major agricultural operations, including those conducted by us, and there can be no assurance that the cost of compliance with environmental laws and regulations will not be material. Moreover, it is possible that future developments, such as increasingly strict environmental laws and enforcement policies thereunder, and further restrictions on the use of agricultural chemicals, could result in increased compliance costs. 
 We also are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the transport, export/import and sale of seed applicable in the markets in which operate. 
 Internationally, we are subject to various government laws and regulations (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar non-U.S. laws and regulations) and local government regulations. To help ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, we have adopted specific risk management and compliance practices and policies, including a specific policy addressing the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and Development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024 totaled 4.1 million compared to 5.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On September 26, 2024, at our special meeting of stockholders held on September 26, 2024, our stockholders approved a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-5 to 1-for-20, with such ratio to be determined in the discretion of our board of directors, or Board, and with such reverse stock split to be effected at 
 8 

such time and date as determined by the Board in its sole discretion (but in no event later than January 31, 2025). Following the special meeting of stockholders, on October 4, 2024, the Board unanimously approved a reverse stock split of all issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, at a ratio of 1-for-19, or the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split was implemented at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on October 17, 2024, or the Effective Time. 
 The terms of the Reverse Stock Split were such that every 19 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock were automatically combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, proportionate adjustments were made to the per share exercise price and/or the number of shares issuable upon the exercise or vesting of all then outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and warrants, which resulted in a proportional decrease in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise or vesting of such stock options, restricted stock units and warrants, and, in the case of stock options and warrants, a proportional increase in the exercise price of all such stock options and warrants. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under our equity compensation plans immediately prior to the Effective Time were reduced proportionately. 
 No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders of record were issued one whole share of common stock in exchange for any fractional interest that such stockholder would have otherwise received as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split affected all stockholders of record proportionately and did not affect any stockholder s percentage ownership of our common stock, except to the extent that the Reverse Stock Split resulted in any stockholder owning an additional share. 
 Our common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis commencing upon market opening on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 18, 2024. We have retroactively adjusted all share amounts and per share data herein to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 
 Employees 
 As of October 29, 2024, we have 71 total employees, of which 66 were full-time employees. 
 Corporate History 
 From 1980 until 2009, our business was operated as a general partnership. In October 2009, we incorporated in Delaware, and in December 2011, we reincorporated in Nevada. 
 Contact Information 
 Our principal business office is located at 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd., Suite 201, Longmont, Colorado 80501, and our telephone number is (720) 506-9191. Our website address is www.swseedco.com. Information contained on our website or any other website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. 
 9 

Item 1A.	Ris k Factors 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We need to raise additional capital in the future. If we are unsuccessful in attracting new capital, we may not be able to continue operations or may be forced to sell assets to do so. Alternatively, capital may not be available to us on favorable terms, or if at all. If available, financing terms may lead to significant dilution of our stockholders equity. 
 Excluding a one-time gain recognized in fiscal 2023, we are not profitable and have had negative cash flow from operations for the last several years. To help fund our operations, we have in part relied on equity and debt financings. We will need to obtain additional funds to finance our operations in the future, and we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently expect. Our loan and security agreement with CIBC Bank USA, or CIBC, which matures on November 8, 2024 (or November 30, 2024 if we deliver to CIBC by November 8, 2024 an amended letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP Partners L.P., extending the letter of credit to December 31, 2024), S W Australia's debt facilities with National Australia Bank Ltd., or NAB, and our AgAmerica note all contain various operating and financial covenants and the impact of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events and other factors affecting our results of operations have increased the risk of our inability to comply with these covenants, which could result in acceleration of our repayment obligations and foreclosure on our pledged assets. In addition, these loan agreements contain cross-default provisions, such that certain defaults or breaches under any of our loan agreements may entitle CIBC or NAB to invoke default remedies. We were not in compliance with certain of these covenants in the past and were required to obtain waivers and/or amendments from CIBC and NAB. For example, S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration constituted an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under the NAB debt facility. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. S W Australia s obligations under the NAB debt facility are guaranteed by us up to a maximum of AUD 15.0 million (USD 10.0 million as of June 30, 2024), or the Parent Guarantee. Our obligations under the Parent Guarantee are not subject to a stay in connection with S W Australia s voluntary administration. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration also constituted an event of default under our CIBC debt facility as a result of cross-default provisions. On August 5, 2024, we received a waiver from CIBC for the event of default. While we obtained waivers from CIBC and NAB for certain defaults and covenants in the past, there can be no assurance we will be successful in meeting our covenants, avoiding future defaults, or securing future waivers and/or amendments from our lenders. If we are unsuccessful in doing so, we may need to reduce the scope of our operations, repay amounts owing to our lenders, finance our cash needs through a combination of equity and debt financings, enter into collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements, delay payments to our growers, sell certain assets or divest certain operations. 
 These factors, including any potential financial obligations resulting from the outcome of the voluntary administration and our obligations under the Parent Guarantee, raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are required or desire to raise additional capital in the future, whether as a condition to loan refinancing or separately, such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, or available at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest would be diluted and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and may be secured by all or a portion of our assets, and may be on terms less favorable than our existing loans. If we fail to obtain additional capital as and when required, such failure could have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are required or desire to raise additional capital in the future, such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, or available at all. 
 In addition, as a result of geopolitical and macroeconomic events, such as global inflation, bank failures, uncertain market conditions, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions, the conflict in the Middle East, and other factors beyond our control, the global credit and financial markets have at times experienced extreme volatility, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, and uncertainty about economic stability. It is possible that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will occur. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may affect our ability to raise equity capital, borrow on our existing facilities or make any 
 10 

additional necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. In addition, our ability to comply with the terms of our loan agreements has been compromised and could result in an event of default. If an event of default were to occur, our lenders could accelerate our repayment obligations or enforce their other rights under our agreements with them. Any such default may also require us to seek additional or alternative financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Our earnings can be negatively impacted by declining demand brought on by varying factors, many of which are out of our control. 
 Demand for our seed depends upon a variety of factors, including end demand for the crops grown from the seed. For example, Saudi Arabia announced a discontinuation of import permits for alfalfa seed in fiscal 2024, and as a result, significantly decreased the demand for alfalfa seed in the Middle East. In Saudi Arabia, we recognized 3.7 million and 9.8 million in revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, demand for our products could decline because of other supply and quality issues or for any other reason, including products of competitors that might be considered superior by end users. A decline in demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our earnings may also be sensitive to fluctuations in market prices for seed. 
 Market prices for our seed can be impacted by factors such as the quality of the seed and the available supply, including whether lower-priced and higher-quality seed is available. Growing conditions, particularly weather conditions such as windstorms, floods, droughts and freezes, as well as diseases and pests and the adventitious presence of GMO, are primary factors influencing the quality and quantity of the seed and, therefore, the market price at which we can sell our seed to our customers. A decrease in the prices received for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our earnings are vulnerable to cost increases. 
 Future increase in costs, such as the costs of growing seed and shipping seed, could cause our profit margins and earnings to decline unless we are able to pass along the increased price of production to our customers. We may not be able to increase the price of our seed sufficiently to maintain our profit margins and earnings in the future. 
 Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, crop disease, pests and other natural conditions can impose significant costs and losses on our business. 
 Our seed crops are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions, including windstorms, floods, drought and temperature extremes, which are common but difficult to predict. In addition, seed crops are vulnerable to crop disease and to pests, which may vary in severity and effect, depending on the stage of production at the time of infection or infestation, the type of treatment applied and climatic conditions. The weather also can affect the quality, volume and cost of seed produced for sale as well as demand and product mix. Seed yields can be higher or lower than planned, which could lead to higher inventory and related write-offs. In addition, climate change may increase the frequency or intensity of extreme weather such as storms, floods, heat waves, droughts and other events that could affect the quality, volume and cost of seed produced for sale as well as demand and product mix. Climate change may also affect the availability and suitability of arable land and contribute to unpredictable shifts in the average growing season and types of crops produced. Unfavorable growing conditions can reduce both crop size and quality. Although we do not grow any of our seed directly, these factors can still impact us by potentially decreasing the quality and yields of our seed and reducing our available inventory. These factors can increase costs, decrease revenue and lead to additional charges to earnings, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have entered into a partnership for the development, marketing and production of camelina. Our future revenues may be substantially dependent on the success of this relationship and we do not have any control over the operations or decision-making of the partnership. This partnership may not be successful, and we may be unable to realize any significant recurring commercial benefit from them. 
 As part of our overall business strategy, we have entered into a partnership with Equilon Enterprises LLC (dba Shell Oil Products US, or Shell), for the development and production of sustainable biofuel feedstocks through Vision 
 11 

Bioenergy Oilseeds LLC, an entity in which we retained a 34 interest. We believe our future revenues may be substantially dependent on the success of this partnership. 
 Our partnership partner has primary responsibility for, and control over, the operations of this partnership, including the development, marketing and production of the products on which they are focused. We have limited or no control over our partner's decisions, including the amount and timing of resources that they dedicate to such activities. If the partnership partner fails to successfully manage the partnership, the development, marketing and/or production of the applicable product may be delayed or may not occur at all. As a result, this collaborative effort may not be as successful as we expect, or at all, and we may be unable to realize any significant recurring commercial benefit from it. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, which in turn could result in a significant decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 Because our seed business is highly seasonal, our revenue, cash flows from operations and operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis. 
 Our seed business is seasonal. The seasonal nature of our operations results in significant fluctuations in our working capital during the growing and selling cycles. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant variability in net sales, operating cash flows and net (loss) income on a quarterly basis. 
 We have had a material concentration of revenue from a small group of customers that fluctuates, and the loss of any of these customers in any quarter could have a material adverse effect on our revenue. 
 On a historical basis, we have experienced a material concentration of revenue from a small group of customers. This concentration fluctuates from quarter to quarter, depending on our customer's specific requirements, which are themselves cyclical. However, in any particular quarter, we generally have a small group of customers that accounts for a substantial portion of that quarter s revenue. Most of these customers are not contractually obligated to purchase seed from us. The loss of one or more of these customers on a quarterly basis, when taken year over year, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows. We have in the past, and may in the future, suffer material adverse effects from losses arising from a major customer's disputes regarding shipments, product quality or related matters, or from our inability to collect accounts receivable from any major customer. There are no assurances that we will be able to maintain our current customer relationships or that they will continue to purchase our seed in the current projected quantities. Any failure to do so may materially adversely impact our business. 
 Because we depend on a core group of significant customers, our sales, cash flows from operations and results of operations may be negatively affected if our key customers reduce the amount of products they purchase from us. 
 Although our customer concentration should decline as our product mix becomes more diverse, there is no assurance that we will be able to maintain the relationships with our major customers or that they will continue to purchase our seed in the quantities that we expect and rely upon. If we cannot do so, our results of operations could suffer. 
 Because we do not grow the seed that we sell, we are completely dependent on our network of contract growers, and our sales, cash flows from operations and results of operations may be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain an adequate network of contract growers to supply our seed requirements. 
 We do not directly grow any of the seed that we sell, and therefore, we are entirely dependent upon our network of growers. While we have some supply contracts with our growers of up to seven years in duration, many of our grower contracts cover only one year, which makes us particularly vulnerable to factors beyond our control. Events such as a shift in pricing caused by an increase in the value of commodity crops other than seed crops, increase in land prices, unexpected competition or reduced water availability could disrupt our supply chain. For example, if a particular crop is paying a materially higher price than has been paid in the past, growers may decide to not grow our seed crops in favor of receiving a higher return from an alternative crop planted on the same acreage. Any of these disruptions could limit the supply of seed that we obtain in any given year, adversely affecting supply and thereby lowering revenue. Such disruption could also damage our customer relationships and loyalty to us if we cannot supply the quantity of seed expected by them. In addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient liquidity to pay our growers as payments come due, this could also damage our relationships with our growers and industry reputation, which could reduce the number of growers willing to contract with us, which could further harm our ability to supply the quantity of seed necessary to meet customer demand. 
 12 

Our ability to contract for sufficient acreage presents challenges. 
 In order to increase revenue and earnings, we continue to need more production acreage. As we continue to increase the number of acres under contract and/or to move production into new geographical locations, we face challenges that can impede our ability to produce as much seed inventory as we have budgeted. For example, when we move production into new geographical locations, we may find it difficult to identify growers with the expertise to grow our seed crops, and we may not have sufficient company personnel available in such new locations to provide production advice on a timely basis. We also face increased competition for conventional seed acreage as the need for technology acres grows, which is further complicated by the field isolation issue relating to GMO crops that can reduce the amount of acreage available for conventional alfalfa seed crops. If we are unable to secure the acreage we need to meet our planned production for the crop year and are unable to purchase seed in the market, our results of operations could suffer, as would our reputation. 
 A lack of availability of water in any of our production areas could impact our business. 
 Adequate quantities and correct timing of the application of water are vital for most agriculture to thrive. Whether particular farms are experiencing water shortages depends, in large part, on their location. However, continuing drought conditions can threaten all farmland other than those properties with their own water sources. Foreign or domestic regulations regarding water usage and rights may also limit the availability of water. Although our current seed products are not water-intensive crops, the availability or the cost of water is a factor in the planting of the crops grown from our seed. Moreover, if the farmers and others who purchase our seed to grow crops cannot get an adequate supply of water, or if the cost of water makes it uneconomical for the farmers to grow the crops, we may not be able to sell our seed, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We face intense competition, and our inability to compete effectively for any reason could adversely affect our business. 
 Competition in the seed industry both domestically and internationally is intense, and we believe it is intensifying with industry consolidation. We face direct competition from other seed companies, including multinational agriculture companies, regional seed companies and small family-owned businesses, as well as subsidiaries or other affiliates of chemical, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do. 
 These resources give our competitors greater operating flexibility that, in certain cases, may permit them to respond better or more quickly to changes in the industry or to introduce new products more quickly and with greater marketing support. Increased competition could result in lower profit margins, substantial pricing pressure, reduced market share and lower operating cash flows. Additionally, data analytic tools and web-based new direct purchase models offer increased transparency and comparability, which increases price pressures. Price competition, together with other forms of competition, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows. 
 If we are unable to estimate our customers future needs accurately and to match our production to the demand of our customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We sell our seed primarily to dealers and distributors who, in turn, sell primarily to farmers who grow crops from the seed. Due to the nature of the seed industry, we normally produce seed according to our production plan before we sell and deliver seed to distributors and dealers. Our dealers and distributors generally make purchasing decisions for our products based on market prices, economic and weather conditions and other factors that we and our dealers and distributors may not be able to anticipate accurately in advance. If we fail to accurately estimate the volume and types of products sought by the end users and otherwise adequately manage production amounts, we may produce more seed than our dealers and distributors want, resulting in excess inventory levels. It may be difficult for us to dispose of all of our inventory on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Also, retention of excess inventory over extended periods of time increases the risk that certain inventory lots may deteriorate in quality and germination rates. If we determine that the value of our inventories exceeds the market value of product that we reasonably believe we can sell, we may need to record an impairment charge for a portion of our inventory in one or more fiscal periods. For example, our cost of revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 included inventory write-downs of 2.0 million and 2.8 million, respectively, related to certain inventory lots that deteriorated or were expected to deteriorate in quality and germination rates. Any such impairment charge or any failure to sell inventory on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows. 
 13 

On the other hand, if we underestimate demand, we may not be able to satisfy our dealers and distributors' demand for seed, and thus damage our customer relations and end-user loyalty. Our failure to estimate end users future needs and to match our production to the demand of our customers may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our third-party distributors may not effectively distribute our products. 
 We depend in part on third-party distributors and strategic relationships for the marketing and selling of our products. We depend on these distributors efforts to market our products, yet we are unable to control their efforts completely. In addition, we are unable to ensure that our distributors comply with all applicable laws regarding the sale of our products, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. If our distributors fail to effectively market and sell our products, and in full compliance with applicable laws, our operating results and business may suffer. 
 We extend credit to our international customers, which exposes us to the difficulties of collecting our receivables in foreign jurisdictions if those customers fail to pay us. 
 Although our payment terms for export seed sales often are prepaid, documentary collections or secured by a letter of credit, we do extend credit of up to 180 days to some of our international customers. Sales of our seed to international customers represented a material portion of our revenue in historical periods and we expect that we will continue to extend credit in connection with future sales. Because these customers are located in foreign countries, collection efforts, were they to become necessary, could be much more difficult and expensive than pursuing similar claims in the United States. Moreover, future political and/or economic factors, as well as future unanticipated trade regulations, could negatively impact our ability to timely collect outstanding receivables from these important customers. The extension of credit to our international customers exposes us to the risk that our seed will be delivered but that we may not receive all or a portion of the payment therefor. If these customers are unable or unwilling to fully pay for the seed they purchase on credit, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially negatively impacted. Moreover, our internal forecasts on which we make business decisions throughout the year could be severely compromised, which could, in turn, mean that we spend capital for operations, investment or otherwise that we would not have spent had we been aware that the customer would not honor its credit extension obligation. 
 Our current reliance on the seed development and production business does not permit us to spread our business risks among different business segments, and thus a disruption in our seed production or the industry would harm us more immediately and directly than if we were more diversified. 
 We currently operate primarily in the agricultural seed business, and we do not expect this to change materially in the foreseeable future. Without business line diversity, we will not be able to spread the risk of our operations. Therefore, our business opportunities, revenue and income could be more immediately and directly affected by disruptions from such things as drought and disease or widespread problems affecting the seed markets, payment disruptions and customer rejection of our seed. If there is a disruption as described above, our revenue and earnings could be reduced, and our business operations might have to be scaled back. 
 If we fail to introduce and commercialize new seed products, we may not be able to maintain market share, and our future sales may be harmed. 
 The performance of our new seed products may not meet our customers expectations, or we may not be able to introduce and commercialize specific seed varieties and hybrids. Reorder rates are uncertain due to several factors, many of which are beyond our control. These include changing customer preferences, which could be further complicated by competitive price pressures, our failure to develop new products to meet the evolving demands of the end users, the development of higher-demand products by our competitors and general economic conditions. The process for new products to gain market recognition and acceptance is long and has uncertainties. New products may be abandoned for many reasons, including greater than anticipated development costs, competition, decrease in demand and the need to divert focus, from time to time, to other initiatives with perceived opportunities for better returns. If we fail to introduce and commercialize new seed products that meet the demands of the end user, if our competitors develop products that are favored by the end users, or if we are unable to produce our existing products in sufficient quantities, our growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected, and our revenue may decline. In addition, sales of our new products could replace sales of some of our current similar products, offsetting the benefit of a successful product introduction. 
 14 

The presence of GMO alfalfa in California could impact our sales. 
 GMO crops currently are prohibited in most of the international markets in which our proprietary seed is currently sold. There are regions in the United States, including the Pacific Northwest, where even small quantities of GMO material inadvertently interspersed with conventional (non-GMO) alfalfa seed make the seed undesirable, which causes customers to look elsewhere for their alfalfa seed requirements. The greater the use of GMO seed in California and other alfalfa seed growing regions, the greater the risk that the adventitious presence of GMO material in our seed production will occur due to pollination from hay fields or other seed fields. We regularly test for the adventitious presence of GMO in our conventional alfalfa seed, and we have seen a slight increase in the percentage of GMO presence in conventional alfalfa seed over the past several years. Our seed containing GMO material can only be sold domestically or in other jurisdictions that permit the importation of GMO alfalfa. If we are unable to isolate our conventional alfalfa seed from inadvertently being contaminated by GMO seed, we may find it more difficult to sell that seed in our key markets and we may have insufficient quantities of seed to sell internationally, either of which could materially adversely impact our revenue over time. 
 The loss of key employees or the failure to attract qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to run our business. 
 The loss of any of our current executives, key employees or key advisors, or the failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain additional key employees, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we have employment agreements with our executive officers, as well as certain other employees, all of our employees are employed at-will and could leave our employ at any time. We do not carry key person insurance on the lives of any of our management team. As we develop additional capabilities, we may require more skilled personnel who must be highly skilled and have a sound understanding of our industry, business or processing requirements. Recruiting skilled personnel is highly competitive. Although to date we have been successful in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, there can be no assurance that we will continue to attract and retain the personnel needed for our business. The failure to attract or retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not be able to manage expansion of our operations effectively. 
 We expect our operations related to our sorghum seed business to continue to grow in the future as we expand both domestically and internationally through internal growth and increase our growers production. These efforts will require the addition of employees, expansion of facilities and greater oversight, perhaps in diverse locations. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, execute on our business strategies or respond to competitive pressures, and we may have difficulties maintaining and updating the internal procedures and the controls necessary to meet the planned expansion of our overall business. 
 Our management will also be required to maintain and expand our relationships with customers, suppliers and other third parties as well as attract new customers and suppliers. We expect that our sales and marketing costs will increase as we grow our product lines and as we increase our sales efforts in new and existing markets. Our current and planned operations, personnel, systems and internal procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth. 
 S W Australia's voluntary administration is expected to result in S W Australia s business no longer being conducted through us, which would significantly reduce the scope of our overall worldwide operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 As a result of the voluntary administration process, we currently do not control S W Australia, and on October 11, 2024, creditors of S W Australia approved a proposed Deed of Company Arrangement, pursuant to which, among other things, the outstanding shares of S W Australia would be transferred to a third party. We expect that S W Australia will no longer be our subsidiary, or owned or controlled by us in any manner, and therefore all of the related business conducted out of S W Australia will cease to be included within the scope of our business. As a result, if, as expected, we do not regain control of S W Australia at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process, we will no longer include S W Australia in our consolidated financials. This would significantly reduce the scope of our overall worldwide operations, and could have a material adverse effect on business, financial position and results of operation. S W Australia had 43.8 million in total assets, 46.4 million in total liabilities and 2.6) million in stockholders' equity as of June 30, 2024. S W Australia's revenue and net loss for the year 
 15 

ended June 30, 2024 were 26.4 million and 10.0) million, respectively, which was included in our consolidated financials as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 S W Australia's voluntary administration may have a negative adverse effect upon our financial condition. 
 S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration constituted an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under its debt facilities with NAB. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. Also, S W Australia s obligations under the NAB debt facility are guaranteed by us up to a maximum of AUD 15.0 million (USD 10.0 million as of June 30, 2024) per our Parent Guarantee. Our obligations under the Parent Guarantee are not subject to a stay in connection with S W Australia s voluntary administration. As a result, S W Australia's financial dependency on us could have a negative adverse effect upon our financial condition. 
 Changes in government policies and laws could adversely affect international sales and therefore our financial results. 
 Historically, sales to our distributors who sell our proprietary seed varieties outside the United States have constituted a meaningful portion of our annual revenue. We anticipate that sales into international markets will represent a material amount of our total sales and that continued growth and profitability will require further international expansion. Our financial results could be affected by various conditions, including changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, laws and regulations, or other activities of U.S. and non-U.S. governments, agencies and similar organizations. For example, in fiscal 2024, the Department of Ministry in Saudi Arabia discontinued their approval of import permits for all forage seed, which includes alfalfa and all grasses, as a means of water conservation, which adversely affected our international sales. These conditions may also include but are not limited to changes in a country s or region s economic or political conditions, trade regulations affecting production, pricing and marketing of products, local labor conditions and regulations, reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, changes in the regulatory or legal environment, burdensome taxes and tariffs and other trade barriers. International risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities and war, could lead to reduced distribution of our products into international markets and reduced profitability associated with such sales. 
 We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. 
 Our operations, both inside and outside the U.S., are subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally and under the laws, regulations and customs of various jurisdictions and geographies. Developments in these jurisdictions and geographies may have a significant effect on our operations. For example, Saudi Arabia announced a discontinuation of import permits for alfalfa seed in fiscal 2024, and as a result, significantly decreased the demand for alfalfa seed in the Middle East. In Saudi Arabia, we recognized 3.7 million and 9.8 million in revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our operations outside the U.S. are subject to special risks and restrictions, including, without limitation: 
 fluctuations in currency values and foreign-currency exchange rates; 

exchange control regulations; 

changes in local political or economic conditions; 

governmental pricing directives; import and trade restrictions; 

import or export licensing requirements and trade policy; 

restrictions on the ability to repatriate funds; and 

other potentially detrimental domestic and foreign governmental practices or policies affecting U.S. companies doing business abroad, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Furthermore, our ability to export our products and our sales outside the United States may be adversely affected by significant changes in trade, tax, or other policies, including the risk that other countries may retaliate through the imposition of their own trade restrictions and/or increased tariffs in response to substantial changes to U.S. trade and 
 16 

tax policies. Acts of terror or war may impair our ability to operate in particular countries or regions and may impede the flow of goods and services between countries. Customers in weakened economies may be unable to purchase our products, or it could become more expensive for them to purchase imported products in their local currency, or sell their commodity at prevailing international prices, and we may be unable to collect receivables from such customers. Further, changes in exchange rates may affect our net earnings, the book value of our assets outside the United States and our stockholders equity. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations that affect our global operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Additionally, in many markets there are various pressures to reduce government subsidies to farmers, which may inhibit the growth in these markets of products used in agriculture. In addition, government programs that create incentives for farmers may be modified or discontinued. However, it is difficult to predict accurately whether, and if so when, such changes will occur. We expect that the policies of governments and international organizations will continue to affect the planting choices made by growers as well as the income available to growers to purchase products used in agriculture and, accordingly, the operating results of the agriculture industry. 
 The effects of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 The global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in early 2022, the U.S. and global financial markets experienced volatility, which has led to disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability, supply chain continuity and reduced access to liquidity globally. In response to the invasion, the United States, United Kingdom and European Union, along with others, imposed significant new sanctions and export controls against Russia, Russian banks and certain Russian individuals and may implement additional sanctions or take further punitive actions in the future. The full economic and social impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia and possible future punitive measures that may be implemented, as well as the counter measures imposed by Russia, in addition to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, which could conceivably expand into the surrounding region, remains uncertain; however, both the conflict and related sanctions have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability, supply chain continuity and reduced access to liquidity on acceptable terms, in both Europe and globally, and has introduced significant uncertainty into global markets. Shifts in these underlying conditions may negatively impact our profit margins. Furthermore, our market environment and, consequently, our business performance may be adversely impacted. 
 Further escalation of the military conflict or related geopolitical tensions, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chains. 
 Failure to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies, including their suppliers, distributors and other commercial partners, from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in the countries in which we distribute products. We have adopted formal policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws. If our employees or other agents, including our distributors or suppliers, are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Logistical challenges could negatively impact our business. 
 We may experience logistical challenges due to limited availability of trucks for product deliveries, congestion at the ports and overall volatility of shipping and transportation costs, which may reduce our ability to recognize revenue timely and as such, harm our results of operations. 
 Environmental regulation affecting our seed products could negatively impact our business. 
 Our agricultural operations are subject to a broad range of evolving environmental laws and regulations applicable to the markets in which we operate. These environmental laws and regulations are intended to address concerns related to, among other things, air quality, storm water discharge and management and disposal of agricultural chemicals relating to seed treatment. 
 17 

In the U.S., we are subject to evolving environmental laws and regulations by federal and state governments. Federal laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Federal Seed Act, and potentially regulations of the FDA and/or other State regulatory agencies. 
 Our failure to comply with these laws and related regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, it is possible that future developments, such as increasingly strict environmental laws and enforcement policies thereunder, and further restrictions on the use of agricultural chemicals, could result in increased compliance costs which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we are unable to obtain government approvals for certain of our products, we may be unable to commercialize those products in certain markets. 
 Our ability to launch and commercialize certain new products is subject to regulatory approval, which can be lengthy, costly, complex and in some markets unpredictable. The regulatory environment may be impacted by the activities of non-governmental organizations and special interest groups and stakeholder reaction to actual or perceived impacts of new and existing technology, products, or processes on safety, health, and the environment. Seed products incorporating biotechnology derived traits and crop protection products must be extensively tested for safety, efficacy, and environmental impact before they can be registered for production, use, sale or commercialization in a given market. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals requires submitting a significant amount of information and data, which may require participation from technology providers. If we are unable to receive the necessary approvals, we will be unable to produce and sell certain of our current and future products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unauthorized access to our information technology systems, infrastructure and data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are dependent upon our own and third-party information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including mobile technologies, to operate our business. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems may make them vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, disruption of data integrity, malicious intrusion, or random attacks. Likewise, data privacy or security incidents or breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information of our employees, customers or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Our business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. 
 In addition, cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Moreover, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property. 
 A security breach, including, for example, a misappropriation of customer, distributor or employee confidential information, trade secrets or intellectual property, could disrupt our business and result in increased costs or loss of revenue, which may include potential costs of investigations, legal, forensic and consulting fees and expenses, costs and diversion of management s attention required for investigation, remediation and litigation, substantial repair or replacement costs. In addition, any disruption in our information technology systems, loss of data or other disruptions could impair our ability to manage inventories, process transactions and communicate with our customers, which could prevent us from being able to fulfill orders, result in cancellations and loss of customers, cause us reputational harm and generally disrupt our ability to conduct our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 While we have implemented measures for the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions, or identify breaches in our systems, that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. 
 18 

Insurance covering defective seed claims may become unavailable or be inadequate. 
 Defective seed could result in insurance claims and negative publicity. Although we carry general liability insurance to cover defective seed claims, such coverage may become unavailable or be inadequate. Even if coverage is offered, it may be at a price and on terms not acceptable to us. If claims exceed coverage limits, or if insurance is not available to us, the occurrence of significant claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be exposed to product quality claims, which may cause us to incur substantial legal expenses and, if determined adversely against us, may cause us to pay significant damage awards. 
 We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time relating to our seed quality. The defense of these proceedings and claims can be both costly and time consuming and may significantly divert efforts and resources of our management personnel. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could subject us to significant liability and damage our market reputation and prevent us from achieving increased sales and market share. Protracted litigation could also result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase of our products. 
 Capital and credit market issues could negatively affect our liquidity, increase our costs of borrowing and disrupt the operations of our growers and customers. 
 The capital and credit markets have experienced increased volatility and disruption over the past several years, making it more difficult for companies to access those markets. Continued or increased volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets may impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing, if we need to access the credit market. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our growers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business and prospects may be harmed. 
 Our ability to compete effectively is dependent upon the proprietary nature of the seeds, seedlings, processes, technologies and materials owned by or used by us or our growers. If any competitors independently develop new traits, seeds, seedlings, processes or technologies that customers or end users determine are better than our existing products, such developments could adversely affect our competitive position. 
 In some cases, we obtain patent protection or plant breeder rights registrations for certain of our seed products. However, our principal method of guarding our proprietary varieties and hybrids is exercising a high degree of control over the supply chain. We also rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. Although we require our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. 
 Even with these measures in place, it would be possible for persons with access to our seed or plants grown from our seed to reproduce and market products substantially similar to our proprietary seed varieties, which could significantly harm our business and our reputation. Third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability and scope of our intellectual property rights. Furthermore, we sell our products in several countries and the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. Litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary property and determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of competitors. Intellectual property litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management and other resources. If we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our competitors could market products that compete with our proprietary products without obtaining a license from us. 
 Actual or threatened public health pandemics or outbreaks may adversely impact on our business, operations and the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. 
 Actual or threatened public health pandemics or outbreaks may adversely impact our business, operations and the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic 
 19 

and actions taken to slow its spread had an adverse impact on our operations, including disruptions of shipments of our seed products, increased foreign exchange rate volatility, reduced in-person sales interactions, and other disruptions which affected our results and financial condition. We cannot predict if or when other similar disease outbreaks will emerge that cause similar disruptions. The extent to which future pandemics may impact our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the timing and duration of future pandemics, the transmissibility and severity of illness caused by future pandemics, the efforts by governments and businesses to contain the spread of future pandemics, business closures or business disruptions and the impact on the economy and capital markets. Similar disruptions or disease outbreaks could delay or reduce our ability to recognize revenues within a particular fiscal period and harm our results of operations. 
 A negative public perception of biotechnology may adversely impact our business. 
 Concerns and claims regarding the safe use of seeds with biotechnology traits and their potential impact on health and the environment, and the perceived impacts of biotechnology on health and the environment, reflect a growing trend in societal demands for increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection. These and other concerns could manifest themselves in stockholder proposals, preferred purchasing, delays or failures in obtaining or retaining regulatory approvals, delayed product launches, lack of market acceptance, product discontinuation, continued pressure for and adoption of more stringent regulatory intervention and litigation, termination of raw material supply agreements, and legal claims. These and other concerns could also influence public perceptions, the viability or continued sales of certain of our products, our reputation, and the cost to comply with regulations. As a result, such concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Disruptions to our operations may adversely impact our business. 
 Despite all precautions, operations at our sites may be disrupted by fires, power outages, process changeovers including those due to restrictions on the use of certain chemical substances or plant breakdowns, for example. In addition, some of our production facilities are located in areas that may be affected by natural disasters such as flooding or earthquakes. These risks can lead to production disruptions or stoppages, result in personal injury and damage to our reputation, lead to declines in sales and/or profit margins, and necessitate the reconstruction of damaged infrastructure. 
 Furthermore, potential criminal activities targeting our employees, property or business activities represent a risk for our company. These include intellectual property theft, vandalism, physical attacks and sabotage. In addition, counterfeit or adulterated versions of our products could be put into circulation. There is also the risk of crises such as a pandemic or a prolonged power outage that could lead to a breakdown of our critical infrastructure and our production. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position and Investment in Our Securities 
 The terms of our loan and security agreement with CIBC and MFP, S W Australia's debt facilities with NAB, and our AgAmerica note place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility, and failure to comply with covenants or to satisfy certain conditions may result in acceleration of our repayment obligations and foreclosure on our pledged assets, which could significantly harm our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business and prospects and cause the price of our securities to decline. 
 Our revolving credit facility with CIBC is secured by a first priority perfected security interest in substantially all of our assets, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we may become obligated to repay deemed term loan advances pursuant to a Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP Partners, L.P., or MFP. 
 Our loan agreement with CIBC requires us to comply with certain financial covenants. The loan agreements with CIBC and MFP also require us to comply with a number of other covenants (affirmative and negative), including restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness; merge or consolidate with or into any other organization or otherwise suffer a change in control; acquire, own or make investments; repurchase or redeem any class of stock or other equity interest; declare or pay any cash dividend or make a cash distribution on any class of stock or other equity interest; and transfer a material portion of our assets, in each case subject to exceptions. 
 20 

In addition to other specified events of default, and subject to limited exceptions, CIBC could declare an event of default upon our non-compliance with certain covenants or the occurrence of certain events that it may determine, in its sole discretion, to have a material adverse effect, including: a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on our business, property, assets or operations, taken as a whole; a material impairment of our ability to perform any of our obligations under the loan agreement; a material adverse effect upon the collateral for the loan or its value; or a material impairment of the enforceability or priority of the liens upon the collateral for the loan or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the loan agreement or related agreements. 
 If we default under the credit facility and are unable to obtain a waiver from CIBC, CIBC may accelerate all of our repayment obligations, which may require us to seek additional or alternate financing and/or modify our operational plans. Debt covenants are stated in the March 22, 2023 amendment with CIBC, with waivers noted in the September 25, 2023 and May 13, 2024 amendments. Current covenants are in the July 3, 2024 amendment. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to comply with all of the covenants contained in the CIBC loan agreement in the future, or secure additional waivers if or when required. If we are unable to comply with or obtain a waiver of any noncompliance under the loan agreement, CIBC could declare an event of default or require us to further renegotiate the loan agreement on terms that may be significantly less favorable to us, or we may be required to seek additional or alternative financing. Although we have secured a lending commitment from MFP to address certain of these risks, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the terms of the loan agreement with MFP, and we would still need to seek refinancing of the MFP loan agreement if any amounts became payable under the MFP loan agreement. If we were to seek additional or alternative financing, any such financing may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 Our term loan agreement with AgAmerica Lending LLC, or AgAmerica, is evidenced by a promissory note and is secured by a mortgage on approximately 31 acres of land located in Lubbock and Moore Counties, Texas, and certain personal property thereon. The term loan agreement and the promissory note, or collectively, the AgAmerica note, requires us to comply with a number of covenants (affirmative and negative) that include limitations with respect to liens, fundamental changes, asset sales and formation and acquisition of subsidiaries, in each case subject to exceptions. If we default under the AgAmerica note, AgAmerica may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable, which may require us to seek additional or alternate financing and/or modify our operational plans. 
 S W Australia's debt facilities with NAB also contain various covenants. If S W Australia default under the NAB debt facilities, NAB may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable, which may require S W Australia to seek additional or alternate financing and/or modify our operational plans. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration constituted an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under the NAB debt facility. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. S W Australia s obligations under the NAB debt facility are guaranteed by us up to a maximum of AUD 15.0 million (USD 10.0 million as of June 30, 2024) per the Parent Guarantee. Our obligations under the Parent Guarantee are not subject to a stay in connection with S W Australia s voluntary administration. 
 As our amended CIBC Loan Agreement matures within the next 12 months, we cannot assure you that we will succeed in securing future refinancing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and whether such terms may be more restrictive than the provisions governing the lending agreements. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will not experience an event of default or be required to further renegotiate with, or seek additional waivers from our lenders, including on terms that may be significantly less favorable to us, before we are able to refinance the loan agreement, if ever. Any declaration by our lenders of an event of default could significantly harm our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business, and prospects and cause the price of our securities to decline. If we are unable to access funds to meet those obligations or to renegotiate our agreements, our lenders could foreclose on our pledged assets and we would have to immediately cease operations. In addition, during the continuance of an event of default, the then-applicable interest rate on the then-outstanding principal balance is subject to increase. Upon an event of default, our lenders could also require us to repay the loan immediately, together with a prepayment penalty, and other fees. If we were to renegotiate our lending agreements under such circumstances, the terms may be significantly less favorable to us. If we were liquidated, our lenders' rights to repayment would be senior to the rights of our stockholders to receive any proceeds from the liquidation. Any declaration by our lenders of an event of default could significantly harm our liquidity, financial condition, operating results, business, and prospects and cause the price of our securities to decline. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. The debt instruments governing such indebtedness may contain provisions that are as, or more, restrictive than the provisions governing our existing indebtedness. If we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness when payment is due, our lenders could proceed against the collateral or force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 21 

The value of our common stock can be volatile. 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The overall market and the price of our common stock can fluctuate greatly. The trading price of our common stock may be significantly affected by various factors, including but not limited to: 
 economic status and trends in the dairy industry, which underlies demand for our alfalfa seed; 

market conditions for sorghum and alfalfa seed; 

quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; 

our ability to meet the earnings estimates and other performance expectations of investors or financial analysts; 

fluctuations in the stock prices of our peer companies or in stock markets in general; and 

general economic or political conditions. 

Our quarter-to-quarter performance may vary substantially, and this variance, as well as general market conditions, may cause the price of our securities to fluctuate greatly and potentially expose us to litigation. 
 Our seed business is highly seasonal because it is tied to the growing and harvesting seasons. If sales in particular quarters are lower than expected, our operating results for these quarters could cause our share price to decline. 
 Our future expense estimates are based, in large part, on estimates of future revenue, which is difficult to predict. We expect to continue to make expenditures in order to expand production, sales, marketing and processes. We may be unable to, or may elect not to, adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected revenue shortfall. If our increased expenses are not accompanied by increased revenue in the same quarter, our quarterly operating results would be harmed. 
 In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of investors or analysts, and the trading price of our securities may decline as a consequence. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results will not be a good indication of our future performance and should not be relied upon to predict the future performance of our stock price. 
 In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have often been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 If we fail to comply or regain compliance with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, we may be delisted and the price of our common stock, our ability to access the capital markets and our financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SANW. To maintain the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are required to meet certain listing requirements, including, among others, maintaining a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share. On November 14, 2023, we received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, notifying us that, for the previous 30 consecutive business day periods prior to the date of the letter, the closing bid price for our common stock was below 1.00. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until May 13, 2024, to regain compliance with Nasdaq s bid price requirement. On May 14, 2024, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq informing us that Nasdaq granted us an additional 180 calendar days, or until November 11, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), or the Rule. 
 Our stockholders approved, at a special meeting of stockholders held on September 26, 2024, pursuant to Nevada revised statutes 78.2055, a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-5 to 1-for-20, and on October 4, 2024 our Board unanimously approved a reverse stock split of all issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, at a ratio of 1-for-19, or the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split was implemented at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on October 17, 2024 and our common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis commencing upon market opening on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 18, 2024. 
 22 

If we do not regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement by November 11, 2024, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting. We would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There is no assurance, however, that we will regain compliance with the Rule or that our common stock will not be delisted from Nasdaq. 
 In addition, on October 17, 2024, we received a notice from Nasdaq advising that our failure to timely file this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC was in contravention of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), or the Filing Requirement, and could serve as an additional deficiency and basis for the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq. We have 60 days from the date of the notice to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Filing Requirement for consideration by Nasdaq. We intend to timely submit a plan, including, but not limited to, a reference to the filing of this Form 10-K. There is no assurance, however, that we will regain compliance with the Listing Requirement or that our common stock will not be delisted from Nasdaq. 
 We completed a private placement of our Series B Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock on February 18, 2022, and if we are required to redeem such shares of preferred stock, our cash position will be negatively impacted. In addition, we may not have sufficient funds to redeem such shares of preferred stock. 
 We issued 1,695 shares of Series B Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock, or Series B Preferred Stock, in connection with our February 2022 private placement. Unless prohibited by Nevada law governing distributions to stockholders, the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable, at any time after August 18, 2025, upon written request from the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, at a price equal to its stated value, plus any cash dividends accrued but unpaid thereon. As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate stated value of our Series B Preferred Stock was 5.8 million. If a holder of the Series B Preferred Stock requests redemption we will be required to redeem such shares of preferred stock. However, we may be unable to redeem such preferred stock if restrictions under applicable law or contractual obligations prohibit such redemption. If such redemptions are permitted, our available cash will be negatively impacted as a result of such redemptions. In addition, such reduction in our available cash could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 If we issue additional securities with rights superior to our common stock, the holdings of those owning our common stock could be further diluted or subordinated to the rights of the holders of preferred stock. 
 We may offer additional debt or equity securities in private and/or public offerings in order to raise working capital or to refinance our debt. Our Board is authorized by our articles of incorporation to establish classes or series of preferred stock and fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such class or series without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Any shares of preferred stock so issued could have priority over our common stock with respect to dividend or liquidation rights. Our Board has authorized the issuance of 3,323 shares of Series B Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock, of which 1,695 shares are outstanding as of June 30, 2024. Any future sales of securities could adversely affect the interests or voting rights of the holders of our common stock, result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders, or adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 
 We routinely release annual guidance in our quarterly earnings releases, our quarterly earnings conference calls and in other forums we consider appropriate. Such guidance regarding our future performance represents our management's estimates as of the date of release or other communication. This guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, is based on projections prepared by our management. These projections are not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our independent registered public accountants nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles or examines the projections, and accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. 
 Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. If we issue guidance, we will generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges or approximations that are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges or approximations. The principal reason that we would release guidance would be to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook 
 23 

with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance, when given, is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release or other communication. Actual results will vary from our guidance, and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon, or otherwise consider, our guidance in making an investment decision about our securities. 
 We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends on our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. Our current policy is to retain all funds and any earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. If we do not pay cash dividends, our common stock may be less valuable to investors because a return on their investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 
 Anti-takeover provisions and our right to issue preferred stock could make a third-party acquisition of us difficult. 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that would make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, including a provision that our Board may issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. In addition, certain anti-takeover provisions of Nevada law, if and when applicable, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired and our public reporting may be unreliable. 
 Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to detect and prevent material misstatements in a timely manner in order to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the presentation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit to the SEC is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A material weakness, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on our evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024, we determined that we had a material weakness as of June 30, 2024 because of a lack of adequate controls to appropriately analyze all relevant information required for complete and accurate presentation and disclosure under U.S. GAAP. This principally resulted from (1) our failure to effectively evaluate the business information presented to and reviewed by the CODM in making decisions on assessing performance and allocating resources and (2) our failure to disaggregate revenue into appropriate subcategories for footnote disclosure purposes. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of each of the quarterly reporting periods in fiscal 2024, and as of June 30, 2024, were not effective and our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024 was also not effective due to the material weakness discussed above. 
 We are implementing certain changes in our internal control as of the filing of this report to address the material weakness. We are implementing, among others, quarterly monitoring of any changes within the Company and the impact on our financial reporting, and updating internal policies and internal control procedures to address this material weakness. The remediation actions are being monitored by the Audit Committee of our Board. However, we cannot assure you that these efforts will remediate this material weakness in a timely manner, or at all, or that we will be able to maintain effective controls and procedures even if we remediate this material weakness. If we are unable to successfully remediate this material weakness, design or operate effective controls and procedures, or identify any future material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports and we may experience a loss of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and the market price of our common stock. 
 24 

We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are a non-accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Any additional undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to further financial statement restatements and require us to incur additional expenses of remediation. In addition, if we are unable to remediate this material weakness, or if we are otherwise unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our securities could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by The Nasdaq Capital Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 
 Item 1B.	Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 1C.	Cybersecurity 
 We have established security practices and safeguards designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our information technology systems, data, and operational continuity. We conduct risk assessments to identify potential cybersecurity threats, which include evaluating the likelihood and potential impact of these threats, identifying system and network vulnerabilities, and assessing the effectiveness of our existing controls. Upon identification and assessment of risks, we develop and implement what management believes to be appropriate measures in order to manage these risks, which may involve enhancing security controls, implementing new technologies, training employees, or changing business processes. We maintain change management processes, monitoring practices, and data protection measures designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and regularly review our systems for potential threats. Such processes and practices to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity incidents are integrated into our overall risk management processes. 
 Our Chief Financial Officer, also acting as our Compliance Officer, is primarily responsible for assessing and managing our strategic risk exposures, including material risks from cybersecurity threats, with assistance from our IT staff, who oversee our cybersecurity processes on a day-to-day basis. Our Board is responsible for the oversight of management s efforts to address cybersecurity risks. Management updates the Board on an ongoing basis concerning any significant cybersecurity incidents or risk exposures that have come to management s attention during the conduct of their assessments, the steps management has taken to mitigate such exposures, and any changes to the processes of identifying, assessing, and monitoring cybersecurity threats. 
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. 
 25 

Item 2.	Pr operties 
 The following is a description of our material properties: 

Location 
 Segment 
 Primary Use 
 
 Leased or Owned 

United States: 

Dumas (Moore County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Warehouse storage 
 
 Owned by S W Seed Company 

Kern County, California 
 Americas 
 Farmland suitable for farming alfalfa seed and alfalfa hay 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

Longmont (Boulder County), Colorado 
 Americas 
 Corporate Headquarters for S W 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

Lubbock (Lubbock County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Research facilities and warehouse storage 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

Lubbock (Lubbock County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Research greenhouse 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

Lubbock (Lubbock County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Laboratory and general office 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

New Deal (Lubbock County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Processing facility and production warehouse storage 
 
 Owned by S W Seed Company 

Tulia (Swisher County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Warehouse storage 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

Victoria (Victoria County), Texas 
 Americas 
 Warehousing and production storage 
 
 Leased by S W Seed Company 

Australia: 

Cambooya, Queensland 
 International 
 Research farm 
 
 Leased by S W Australia 

Deniliquin, New South Wales 
 AUSDOM 
 Processing facility 
 
 Leased by S W Australia 

Keith, South Australia 
 International 
 Processing facility 
 
 Owned by S W Australia 

Keith, South Australia 
 International 
 Research farm 
 
 Leased by S W Australia 

Penfield, South Australia 
 AUSDOM 
 Warehousing and production storage and research and development 
 
 Leased by S W Australia 

Toowoomba, Queensland 
 International 
 Research and development and warehousing and production storage 
 
 Leased by S W Australia 

We believe that our current facilities are adequate for our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate expansion of our operations on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3.	Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including pending opposition proceedings involving patents that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
 On July 24, 2024, S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration based on its determination that S W Australia is likely to become insolvent within the meaning of section 436A(1) of Australia s Corporations Act 2001. In Australia, voluntary administration is a process whereby an insolvent company is placed in the hands of one or more independent administrators whose role is to investigate the company s affairs, to report to creditors and to recommend to creditors whether the company should enter into a deed of company arrangement, liquidation, or be returned to its board of directors. A voluntary administration involves an investigation of available options to provide a better return to creditors and, if possible, to save the business. 
 26 

There are no other matters pending that we expect to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Item 4.	Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 27 

PART II 
 Item 5.	Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information Regarding Our Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SANW. 
 Holders 
 As of October 28, 2024, we had 50 stockholders of record. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant. In addition, our loan agreement with CIBC Bank USA contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities in fiscal 2024 that have not been previously reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliate Purchasers 
 None. 
 Item 6.	Reserved 
 
 28 

Item 7.	Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as referred to on page 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Executive Overview 
 We are a global multi-crop, middle-market agricultural company and a market leader in the breeding, production and sale of sorghum and alfalfa seeds. We are also leveraging our camelina seed technology in our partnership with Equilon Enterprises LLC (dba Shell Oil Products, or Shell) in the United States to demonstrate how agriculture and energy can work together to lower carbon emissions by producing domestically sourced sustainable biofuel feedstocks. 
 Our seed platform develops and supplies high quality trait and germplasm designed to produce higher yields for farmers. In fiscal 2024, we sold over 650 seed products in more than 30 countries. We maintain an active product pipeline and expect to introduce at least 10 new alfalfa and sorghum products in North America during fiscal 2025. We also plan to continue development activities aimed at generating high-value improved traits in our crops and to continue commercialization of seed products carrying those traits. 
 Strategic Review 
 We have maintained our strategic path for operations and future growth in sorghum while continuing to execute and refine our key centers of value for our alfalfa business. With grower adoption of our Double Team sorghum solution accelerating since its fiscal 2022 launch and the continued technological development of our traited forage and grain sorghum products planned in fiscal 2025, including the introduction of two new traits - the second generation of Double Team and Prussic Acid Free - we believe we are in a unique position to be the leading technology provider of this important global crop. 
 We have continued to align our cost structure to support our key centers of value in order to drive the business towards profitability. In fiscal 2023, we decided to pause our development of stevia leaf and re-evaluate its longer-term profit opportunity with our partners. We have reduced obsolescence costs through improved life cycle management and SKU optimization efforts with the reduction of low margin forage lines and seed treatment offerings. In fiscal 2024, we recognized improvement in our seed cost position as additional operational efficiency plans are implemented and guided by best-in-class cost standards. 
 
 In fiscal 2025, we plan to launch a new business model for many of our private label customers focused on licensing our product for them to sell. There will be multiple components, including a production agreement, germplasm agreement, and trait agreement, where applicable. The production agreement will provide customers with their requested, high quality seed, while the germplasm and trait agreements will only allow us to collect revenue based on the product the customer sells, which is treated as a royalty. We believe that by switching to this strategy, we will not only be more aligned with our competitors, but also provide our customers with more flexibility and control over their costs. 
 Ongoing Voluntary Administration Process Involving S W Australia 
 We previously announced in 2023 that we were evaluating the possibility of a strategic transaction involving our international operations, which is headquartered within S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, or S W Australia, our wholly-owned subsidiary. That process has not resulted in the consummation of a transaction and on July 24, 2024, S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration based on its determination that S W Australia is likely to become insolvent within the meaning of section 436A(1) of Australia s Corporations Act 2001. In Australia, voluntary administration is a process whereby an insolvent company is placed in the hands of one or more independent administrators whose role is to investigate the company s affairs, to report to creditors and to recommend to creditors whether the company should enter into a deed of company arrangement, liquidation, or be returned to its board of directors. A number of factors combined to lead S W Australia to conclude that the 
 29 

voluntary plan of administration was necessary and advisable, including the lack of viable strategic alternatives for the entity, Saudi Arabia s recent discontinuation of import permits for alfalfa seed, and the increased risk that S W Australia would be unable to meet its loan obligations. 
 As a result of the voluntary administration process, we currently do not control S W Australia, and on October 11, 2024, creditors of S W Australia approved a proposed Deed of Company Arrangement, pursuant to which, among other things, the outstanding shares of S W Australia would be transferred to a third party. We expect that S W Australia will no longer be our subsidiary, or owned or controlled by us in any manner, at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process and therefore all of the related business conducted through S W Australia will cease to be included within the scope of our business. As a result, if, as expected, we do not regain control of S W Australia at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process, we will no longer include S W Australia in our consolidated financials. 
 S W Australia had 43.8 million in total assets, 46.4 million in total liabilities and 2.6) million in stockholders' equity as of June 30, 2024. S W Australia's revenue and net loss for the year ended June 30, 2024 were 26.4 million and 10.0) million, respectively, which is included in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 At a special meeting of stockholders held on September 26, 2024, our stockholders approved a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-5 to 1-for-20, with such ratio to be determined in the discretion of our board of directors, or Board, and on October 4, 2024 the Board unanimously approved a reverse stock split of all issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, at a ratio of 1-for-19, or the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split was implemented at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on October 17, 2024. 
 Our common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis commencing upon market opening on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 18, 2024. We have retroactively adjusted all share amounts and per share data herein to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 
 Global Economic Conditions 
 We are subject to additional risks and uncertainties as a result of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events, such as the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, the armed conflict in Sudan, the conflict in the Middle East, the import ban on alfalfa seed in Saudi Arabia, uncertain market conditions, including higher inflation and supply chain disruptions, recent bank failures, and other global events, which have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business, operations and the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. 
 Following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in early 2022, the U.S. and global financial markets experienced volatility, which has led to disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability, supply chain continuity and reduced access to liquidity globally. In response to the invasion, the United States, United Kingdom and European Union, along with others, imposed significant new sanctions and export controls against Russia, Russian banks and certain Russian individuals and may implement additional sanctions or take further punitive actions in the future. The full economic and social impact of the sanctions imposed on Russia and possible future punitive measures that may be implemented, as well as the counter measures imposed by Russia, in addition to the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, which could conceivably expand into the surrounding region, remains uncertain; however, both the conflict and related sanctions have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions to trade, commerce, pricing stability, credit availability, supply chain continuity and reduced access to liquidity on acceptable terms, in both Europe and globally, and has introduced significant uncertainty into global markets. 
 The armed conflict in Sudan, which began in April 2023, has disrupted our shipments to the country. We shipped 1.4 million of our product to Sudan in fiscal 2024, all of which occurred in the first half of the fiscal year. In Saudi Arabia, the Department of Ministry recently discontinued their approval of import permits for all forage seed, which includes alfalfa and all grasses, as a means of water conservation. To help mitigate any reduction in seed sales to Saudi Arabia, we are actively exploring sales into adjacent markets in the region. 
 Additionally, in October 2023, Hamas initiated an attack against Israel, resulting in a state of war. The conflict, and the potential continued escalation or expansion of the conflict, could result in additional sanctions, cause disruptions 
 30 

to global economic conditions and affect the stability of the Middle East region and our business in that region. For example, we have experienced disruptions and significant delays in shipping through this region due to threats of piracy in the Red Sea area, in which Jeddah, Saudi Arabia (a main port of entry for Saudi Arabia) is located, and which is the primary access point for shipments through the Suez Canal. 
 Our product revenue is predicated on our ability to timely fulfill customer orders, which depends in large part upon the consistent availability and operation of shipping and distribution networks operated by third parties. Farmers typically have a limited window during which they can plant seed, and their buying decisions can be shaped by actual or perceived disruptions in our distribution and supply channels, or concerns about our ability to timely fulfill their orders. If our customers delay or decrease their orders due to potential disruptions in our distribution and supply channels, including as a result of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events, this will adversely affect our product revenue. 
 During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we experienced numerous logistical challenges due to limited availability of trucks for product deliveries, congestion at the ports, and overall volatility of shipping and transportation costs. These logistical challenges may persist throughout fiscal 2025, which may, among other things, delay or reduce our ability to recognize revenues within a particular fiscal period and harm our results of operations. 
 The ultimate impact of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements remains uncertain and ultimately will be dictated by the length and severity of such events and any broad-based supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, rising levels of inflation and interest rates, tightening of credit markets or other developments resulting from recent geopolitical and macroeconomic events. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of those potential and evolving impacts to our business and Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Components of Our Statements of Operations Data 
 Revenue and Cost of Revenue 
 Revenue 
 We derive most of our revenue from the sale of our proprietary seed varieties and hybrids. We expect that over the next several years, a substantial majority of our revenue will be generated from the sale of sorghum and alfalfa, although we are continually assessing other possible product offerings or means to increase revenue, including expanding into higher margin crops. 
 The mix of our product offerings will continue to change over time with the introduction of new seed varieties and hybrids resulting from our robust research and development efforts. Potential sources of new revenue include expansion of novel, non-GMO product lines, entry into gene-edited product markets, entry into specialty crop markets, such as biofuels, and additional strategic transactions. 
 Our revenue will fluctuate depending on the timing of orders from our customers and distributors and the extent to which markets are impacted by sources of instability and volatility in global markets and industries. In fiscal 2024 we were impacted , among other things, by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the armed conflict in Sudan, the conflict in the Middle East, the import ban on alfalfa seed in Saudi Arabia, supply chain issues and global inflation. Because some of our large customers and distributors order in bulk only one or two times per year, our product revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period. Some of this fluctuation is offset by having operations in both the northern and southern hemispheres. In addition, due to the numerous logistical challenges we have experienced in our shipping and distribution networks resulting from current geopolitical and macroeconomic events, our product revenue has fluctuated, and our ability to recognize revenues within a particular fiscal period has been impacted. We expect our product revenue will fluctuate from period to period as a result of current geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions. 
 Cost of Revenue (Excluding Depreciation and Amortization) and Gross Profit 
 Cost of revenue relates to sale of our seed products and consists of the cost of procuring seed, plant conditioning and packaging costs, direct labor and raw materials and overhead costs. Gross profit represents the profit remaining after 
 31 

deducting these costs from total revenue. As Double Team sorghum continues to gain market acceptance, we expect to see additional favorability in our gross profit. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee costs, including salaries, employee benefits and share-based compensation, as well as professional service fees, insurance, marketing, travel and entertainment expense, public company expense and other overhead costs. We proactively take steps on an ongoing basis to control selling, general and administrative expenses as much as is reasonably possible. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred in the discovery, development, breeding and testing of new products incorporating the traits we have specifically selected. These expenses consist primarily of employee salaries and benefits, consultant services, land leased for field trials, chemicals and supplies and other external expenses. 
 Overall, we have been focused on controlling research and development expenses, while balancing that objective against the recognition that continued advancement in product development is an important part of our strategic planning. We intend to focus our resources on high value activities. For sorghum, we plan to invest in higher value grain products, proprietary herbicide tolerance traits and improved safety and palatability in forage products. We expect our research and development expenses will fluctuate from period to period as a result of the timing of various research and development projects. 
 Our internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred, while third-party research and developments costs are expensed when the contracted work has been performed or as milestone results have been achieved. The costs associated with equipment or facilities acquired or constructed for research and development activities that have alternative future uses are capitalized and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 We amortize intangible assets, including those acquired from Pasture Genetics Ltd., or Pasture Genetics, in 2020, Chromatin Inc. in 2018 and from SV Genetics Pty Ltd in 2016, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, consisting of periods of 10 to 30 years for technology/IP/germplasm, 5 to 20 years for customer relationships and trade names and 10 to 20 years for other intangible assets. Property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, consisting of periods of 5 to 35 years for buildings, 3 to 20 years for machinery and equipment, 7 to 10 years for leasehold improvements and 2 to 5 years for vehicles. 
 Impairment Charges 
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset s carrying value may not be recoverable. Events relating to recoverability may include significant unfavorable changes in business conditions, recurring losses or a forecasted inability to achieve break-even operating results over an extended period. The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets based upon forecasted undiscounted future cash flows. Should impairment in value be indicated, the carrying value of long-lived assets will be adjusted, based on estimates of future discounted cash flows resulting from the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 Other (income) expense consists of foreign currency gains and losses, interest expense, interest expense resulting from the amortization of debt discount, the gain on sale of business interest, the loss on sale of equity investment, the gain on disposal of intangible assets, government grant income, and other income. Interest expense and interest expense - amortization of debt discount primarily consists of interest costs related to outstanding borrowings on our working capital credit facilities. Amortization of the MFP Letter of Credit (as defined below) asset is also recorded to Interest expense - amortization of debt discount. 
 32 

Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate is based on income, statutory tax rates, differences in the deductibility of certain expenses and inclusion of certain income items between financial statement and tax return purposes, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, if we determine that a tax position is more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, based solely on the technical merits of the position, we recognize the benefit. Tax regulations require certain items to be included in the tax return at different times than when those items are required to be recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, our effective tax rate reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements is different from that reported in our tax returns. Some of these differences are permanent, such as meals and entertainment expenses that are not fully deductible on our tax return, and some are temporary differences, such as depreciation expense. Temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax return in future years for which we have already recorded the tax benefit in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Based on financial projections, we do not believe that it is more likely than not that our U.S. deferred tax assets will be realized, and a full valuation allowance is recorded against them. 
 Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 The following table presents our results of operations for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

of Revenue (1) 

of Revenue (1) 

Change 

Revenue 

60,441,646 

100.0 

73,521,291 

100.0 

(13,079,645) 

(17.8) 

Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

44,631,897 

73.8 

58,983,210 

80.2 

(14,351,313) 

(24.3) 

Gross profit 

15,809,749 

26.2 

14,538,081 

19.8 

1,271,668 

8.7 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

21,725,874 

35.9 

22,430,687 

30.5 

(704,813) 

(3.1) 

Research and development expenses 

4,062,419 

6.7 

5,237,772 

7.1 

(1,175,353) 

(22.4) 

Depreciation and amortization 

4,288,449 

7.1 

4,768,809 

6.5 

(480,360) 

(10.1) 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

(109,746) 

(0.2) 

44,335 

0.1 

(154,081) 

(347.5) 

Impairment charges 

3,531,010 

5.8 

3,531,010 

- 

Total operating expenses 

33,498,006 

55.4 

32,481,603 

44.2 

1,016,403 

3.1 

Loss from operations 

(17,688,257) 

(29.3) 

(17,943,522) 

(24.4) 

255,265 

(1.4) 

Other (income) expense 

Foreign currency loss 

1,213,732 

2.0 

859,696 

1.2 

354,036 

41.2 

Government grant income 

(1,444,044) 

(2.0) 

1,444,044 

(100.0) 

Gain on sale of business interest 

(38,167,102) 

(51.9) 

38,167,102 

(100.0) 

Loss (gain) on sale of equity investment 

534,189 

0.9 

(32,030) 

(0.0) 

566,219 

(1767.8) 

Gain on disposal of intangible assets 

(1,796,252) 

(2.4) 

1,796,252 

(100.0) 

Interest expense - amortization of debt discount 

1,883,573 

3.1 

1,975,938 

2.7 

(92,365) 

(4.7) 

Interest expense, net 

5,520,991 

9.1 

4,184,067 

5.7 

1,336,924 

32.0 

Other (income) expenses 

(139,067) 

(0.2) 

1,552,154 

2.1 

(1,691,221) 

(109.0) 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(26,701,675) 

(44.2) 

14,924,051 

20.3 

(41,625,726) 

(278.9) 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

496,290 

0.8 

(763,639) 

(1.0) 

1,259,929 

(165.0) 

(Loss) income before equity in net earnings of affiliates 

(27,197,965) 

(45.0) 

15,687,690 

21.3 

(42,885,655) 

(273.4) 

Equity in loss of equity method investees, net of tax 

2,858,424 

4.7 

1,252,330 

1.7 

1,606,094 

128.2 

Net (loss) income 

(30,056,389) 

(49.7) 

14,435,360 

19.6 

(44,491,749) 

(308.2) 

(1) Amount in column may not foot due to rounding 
 The discussion and analysis presented below is concerned with material changes in our results of operations between the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. All comparisons presented are with respect to the prior-year period, unless stated otherwise. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 33 

If, as expected, we do not regain control of S W Australia at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process, we will no longer include S W Australia in our consolidated financial results. S W Australia's revenue and net loss for the year ended June 30, 2024 were 26.4 million and 10.0) million, respectively, which was included and reflected in our consolidated financial results for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 Revenue 
 The 13.1 million year-over-year decrease in revenue is primarily due to an 11.4 million decrease in non-dormant alfalfa sales in the Middle East North Africa, or MENA, region due to the ongoing conflict in Sudan, reduced sales into Libya, and the import restrictions enacted in Saudi Arabia, a 2.8 million decrease in the Australian domestic market across all crop segments due to inventory quality and lower pricing, a 2.8 million decrease in non-traited sorghum sales in the United States, a 1.7 million decrease in Mexico driven by decreased non-dormant alfalfa sales that were partially offset with increased grain sorghum sales, and a 1.3 million decrease in sales to Asia of alfalfa and sunflower. This was partially offset by a 4.3 million increase in Double Team sorghum revenue, a 1.7 million increase in dormant alfalfa sales in the U.S., and a 1.0 million increase in grain sorghum to South Africa. 
 The Company sells a substantial portion of its products to international customers. Sales into international markets represented 58 and 70 of our total revenue during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The following table shows revenue from external sources by destination country: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

United States 

25,219,997 

42 

22,060,338 

30 

Australia 

14,574,578 

23 

17,414,681 

24 

Mexico 

3,995,295 

7 

5,502,421 

8 

Saudi Arabia 

3,727,834 

6 

9,781,138 

13 

South Africa 

2,268,241 

4 

1,620,601 

2 

Pakistan 

2,204,096 

4 

2,494,981 

3 

Libya 

2,187,000 

3 

4,678,973 

6 

Argentina 

1,548,654 

3 

1,162,369 

2 

Sudan 

1,421,527 

2 

2,612,603 

4 

China 

405,183 

1 

794,500 

1 

Other 

2,889,241 

5 

5,398,686 

7 

Total revenue 

60,441,646 

100 

73,521,291 

100 

Cost of Revenue (Excluding Depreciation and Amortization) and Gross Profit 
 Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased year-over-year and our gross profit margin increased to 26.2 in fiscal 2024 from 19.8 in fiscal 2023. The 6.4 percentage point increase is attributed to increased sales of higher margin products including Double Team sorghum (6.3 percentage points) and improved focus on inventory management and reducing operational costs while increasing efficiencies in our production facilities (3.9 percentage points), offset by decreased margin of non-dormant alfalfa margin driven by reduced demand in MENA region (-3.4 percentage points) and lower volumes in the Australian domestic market (-0.4 percentage points). 
 Cost of revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 included inventory write-downs of 2.0 million and 2.8 million, respectively. Inventory write-downs are generally related to (1) the scrapping of certain inventory lots that have deteriorated in quality and germination rates during the year, (2) the recording of reserves against remaining seed inventory for estimated future deterioration in quality and germination over the product life cycle, and (3) the recording of adjustments to the carrying costs of specific products in excess of market values. Improved inventory life-cycle management accounts for the primary improvement seen in fiscal 2024, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. 
 Excluding inventory write-downs, the gross profit would have been 29.4 in fiscal 2024 compared to 23.6 in fiscal 2023, an increase of 5.8 percentage points. We believe it is useful to exclude inventory write-downs in calculating adjusted gross profit to provide investors with a method to compare our operating results to prior periods and to peer companies. 
 34 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 The 0.7 million decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses is attributable to a 1.0 million decrease in acquisition and other transaction related expenses from our Vision Bioenergy and Trigall Australia partnerships that occurred in fiscal 2023, a 0.8 million decrease in employee compensation and other employee expenses, and a 0.3 million decrease in expenses attributable to our service level agreement with Vision Bioenergy, offset by a 0.5 million increase in bad debt expense, a 0.5 million increase in professional fees driven primarily by the audit of the fiscal 2023 financial statements, and a 0.4 million increase in restructuring charges related to the Australian entity. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The year-over-year decrease in research and development expenses of 1.2 million is attributable to a 0.7 million decrease in salaries, wages, and related employment expenses as a result of management's cost reduction efforts and narrowed program focus, a 0.3 million decrease in other research and development expenses including outside services, yield trials, and field expenses as a result of management's cost reduction efforts and narrowed R D program focus, a 0.1 million decrease in office expenses, and a 0.1 million decrease in expenses attributable to services provided to Vision Bioenergy. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by 0.5 million following contributions of intangible and fixed assets to the Trigall and Vision Bioenergy partnerships. 
 (Gain) Loss on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment 
 In fiscal 2024, we recognized a 0.1 million gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment compared to a 0.0 million loss in fiscal 2023. 
 Impairment Charges 
 For the year ended June 30, 2024, we recorded a 3.5 million impairment charge related to our long-lived assets impairment analysis as of June 30, 2024. Based on such analysis, we determined that for one asset group, its carrying value exceeded its undiscounted future cash flows. As such, we assessed the fair values of the assets in this asset group, which included a customer relationships intangible. A third party completed the fair value valuation for this customer relationships intangible using the multi-period excess earnings method, which resulted in us recognizing the impairment charge of 3.5 million to Impairment charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2024. No impairment was recognized for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Foreign Currency Loss 
 The increase in foreign currency loss for fiscal 2024 was attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the Australian dollar and U.S. dollar. 
 Government Grant Income 
 In fiscal 2023, we recognized 1.4 million in government grant income attributable to an Employee Retention Credit recognized for certain periods in 2021 under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. 
 Gain on Sale of Business Interest 
 In fiscal 2023, we recognized a gain on sale of business interest related to the sale of a 66 interest in Vision Biofuels to Shell. The 38.2 million gain was determined by the amount of consideration paid by Shell for the 66 interest plus the proportionate valuation of our retained 34 interest, less the carrying value of the assets we contributed to Vision Bioenergy. 
 Loss (Gain) on Sale of Equity Investment 
 In fiscal 2024, we recognized a 0.5 million loss on the sale of our equity investment related to Trigall Australia. S W Australia's 20 interest in Trigall Australia was sold to Trigall in April 2024. 
 Gain on Disposal of Intangible Assets 
 In fiscal 2023, we recognized an 1.8 million gain on disposal of intangible assets as a result of the contribution of our Australia-based wheat breeding program and related assets to Trigall Australia in furtherance of the partnership with Trigall Australia. 
 35 

Interest Expense - Amortization of Debt Discount 
 The slightly decreased debt amortization expense is due to the amortization of the financial commitment asset established in conjunction with the granted MFP Warrants in fiscal 2023 and decreased amortization of costs associated with the completion of refinancing our CIBC Credit Facility. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily consisted of interest incurred on our working capital credit facilities with CIBC and NAB, the MFP Loan, and equipment capital leases. The 1.3 million increase was primarily driven by increases in average borrowings and increased interest rates on the working capital credit facilities. 
 Other (Income) Expenses 
 The year-over-year change is driven by the fiscal 2023 write-off of 1.5 million in lender fees due to our coming to an agreement with CIBC, our existing lender. These fees were associated with uncompleted financing efforts with other lenders. There was minimal activity hitting Other expenses (income) in fiscal 2024. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 We recorded an income tax expense of 0.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to an income tax benefit of 0.8) million income tax benefit for the year ended June 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was (1.9 for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to (5.1 for the year ended June 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was relatively consistent year over year. Our tax expense is substantially driven by our valuation allowance. Due to the valuation allowance, we do not record the income tax expense or benefit related to substantially all of our current year operating results, as such results are generally incorporated in our net operating loss deferred tax asset position, which has a full valuation allowance against it. However, we do record certain tax expenses and benefits related to our U.S. state tax return liabilities. 
 Equity in Loss of Equity Method Investees, Net of Tax 
 The loss on equity investments of 2.9 million and 1.3 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, was related to our proportionate share of loss from our 34 interest in Vision Bioenergy and our 20 interest in Trigall Australia. S W Australia sold its 20 interest in Trigall Australia to Trigall in April 2024. 
 Results of Business Segments 
 We have three operating and reportable segments that correspond with our operating model, management structure, and internal reporting reviewed by our Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is our President and Chief Executive Officer. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker allocates resources and assesses performance based on these segments with the key performance metric utilized being gross profit, which varies across segments. Our three operating segments, each its own reportable segment, are Americas, International, and AUSDOM. 
 Americas : Consists of operations in the United States that results in sales across North and South America. Total revenue for the Americas segment represented 52 and 40 of our total revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was largely made up of sorghum and alfalfa products. Americas revenue increased by 1.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023, largely attributable to increased Double Team sorghum sales offset by decreased non-traited sorghum sales in the United States. 
 International : Consists of operations in Australia and the United States that results in sales to countries not covered in the other two segments. A large concentration of these sales are alfalfa sales to the MENA region. Total revenue for the International segment represented 24 and 36 of the our total revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was largely alfalfa product sales in addition to some sorghum and sunflower product sales. Total revenue decreased by 11.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023, largely attributable to decreased alfalfa sales to the MENA region. 
 AUSDOM : Consists of operations in Australia that are related to the Australian domestic business. Total revenue for the AUSDOM segment represented 24 and 24 of our total revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was predominantly made up of pastures, alfalfa and sorghum products. For the year ended June 30, 2024, total revenue decreased by 2.8 million in the Australian domestic market across all crops segments due to inventory quality and lower pricing compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 36 

Our total revenue broken out by reportable segment for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Americas 
 
 31,303,721 

52 

29,879,113 

40 

International 
 
 14,573,037 

24 

26,228,095 

36 

AUSDOM 
 
 14,564,888 

24 

17,414,083 

24 

Total revenue 
 
 60,441,646 

100 

73,521,291 

100 

Our total revenue, gross profit and gross profit percentage broken out by reportable segment for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Americas 

Revenue 
 
 31,303,721 

29,879,113 

Gross Profit 
 
 9,183,503 

5,093,635 

Gross Profit 
 
 29.3 

17.0 

International 

Revenue 
 
 14,573,037 

26,228,095 

Gross Profit 
 
 4,096,962 

7,119,786 

Gross Profit 
 
 28.1 

27.1 

AUSDOM 

Revenue 
 
 14,564,888 

17,414,083 

Gross Profit 
 
 2,531,751 

2,229,837 

Gross Profit 
 
 17.4 

12.8 

The Americas segment had the highest gross profit percentage for the year ended June 30, 2024, being 29.3 , which was also a significant increase compared to the year ended June 30, 2023, which had a 17.0 gross profit. The significant increase can largely be attributable to increased sales of our higher margin Double Team sorghum products. All three segments saw improvement year-over-year due to improved focus on inventory management and reducing operating costs while increasing efficiencies in our production facilities. 
 Restated Segment Information for Interim Periods 
 Pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us on October 23, 2024, we are restating our footnote disclosure contained in our interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for each of the quarterly periods included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2023, February 14, 2024, and May 14, 2024, respectively, to include disclosure regarding our business segments. These previously filed quarterly reports erroneously reported a single reportable segment when they should have reported the following three operating and reportable segments: Americas, International, and AUSDOM. Other consists of unallocated corporate expenses and other business activities not captured in the three reportable segments. This restatement has no impact on our previously reported unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, or Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 37 

The below table is supplementary data presenting the unaudited quarterly financial information by segment for each applicable quarter in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, as restated: 

As Restated 

Quarter Ended 
 
 Quarter Ended 

September 30, 2023 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2024 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Revenue 

Americas 
 
 4,854,052 

7,290,635 

9,912,489 

5,601,193 

4,386,778 

8,511,307 

International 
 
 9,574,812 

2,145,618 

1,708,289 

11,614,248 

6,010,977 

1,800,490 

AUSDOM 
 
 2,003,602 

1,428,556 

6,703,857 

2,585,832 

2,540,047 

7,350,510 

Other 
 
 - 

- 

- 

64,592 

- 

- 

Revenue 
 
 16,432,466 

10,864,809 

18,324,635 

19,865,865 

12,937,802 

17,662,307 

Gross profit 

Americas 
 
 960,816 

3,352,235 

2,848,911 

538,799 

1,651,680 

3,096,895 

International 
 
 3,606,136 

(357,007) 
 
 1,055,421 

3,601,701 

679,898 

710,707 

AUSDOM 
 
 445,540 

293,896 

1,125,081 

291,406 

418,107 

622,869 

Other 
 
 (1,178) 
 
 - 

(113) 
 
 72,605 

(394) 
 
 - 

Gross Profit 
 
 5,011,314 

3,289,124 

5,029,300 

4,504,511 

2,749,291 

4,430,471 

We do not allocate Other (income) expense, Equity in loss of equity method investees, net of tax, or Assets by segment as these are not provided to our Chief Operating Decision Maker. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, the restated revenue and gross profit by segment is presented below: 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 16,432,466 

5,011,314 

30.5 
 
 Americas 
 
 4,854,052 

960,816 

19.8 

International 
 
 9,574,812 

3,606,136 

37.7 

AUSDOM 
 
 2,003,602 

445,540 

22.2 

Other 
 
 - 

(1,178) 
 
 0.0 

Total 
 
 16,432,466 

5,011,314 

30.5 
 
 Total 
 
 16,432,466 

5,011,314 

30.5 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended September 30, 2022 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2022 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 19,865,865 

4,504,511 

22.7 
 
 Americas 
 
 5,601,193 

538,799 

9.6 

International 
 
 11,614,248 

3,601,701 

31.0 

AUSDOM 
 
 2,585,832 

291,406 

11.3 

Other 
 
 64,592 

72,605 

112.4 

Total 
 
 19,865,865 

4,504,511 

22.7 
 
 Total 
 
 19,865,865 

4,504,511 

22.7 

Despite lower revenue across all three segments for the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022, gross profit increased across all segments, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. The International segment had the highest gross profit percentage for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, being 37.7 and 31.0 , respectively, with the year over year increase driven by increased global alfalfa margins due to pricing in the global market. The Americas segment saw gross profit increase by 10.2 due to gross profit improvement in both non-traited sorghum products due to better inventory and sales life cycle management as well as higher margin Double Team sorghum products due to increased sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. Although revenue in the AUSDOM segment decreased due to dry planting conditions, gross profit increased for the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022 due to improved inventory life-cycle management resulting in fewer inventory write-downs. 
 38 

For the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the restated revenue and gross profit by segment is presented below: 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended December 31, 2023 
 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2023 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 10,864,809 

3,289,124 

30.3 
 
 Americas 
 
 7,290,635 

3,352,235 

46.0 

International 
 
 2,145,618 

(357,007) 
 
 -16.6 

AUSDOM 
 
 1,428,556 

293,896 

20.6 

Total 
 
 10,864,809 

3,289,124 

30.3 
 
 Total 
 
 10,864,809 

3,289,124 

30.3 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For the three months ended December 31, 2022 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 12,937,802 

2,749,291 

21.3 
 
 Americas 
 
 4,386,778 

1,651,680 

37.7 

International 
 
 6,010,977 

679,898 

11.3 

AUSDOM 
 
 2,540,047 

418,107 

16.5 

Other 
 
 - 

(394) 
 
 0.0 

Total 
 
 12,937,802 

2,749,291 

21.3 
 
 Total 
 
 12,937,802 

2,749,291 

21.3 

Despite lower revenue for the three months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2022, gross profit improved by 9.0 . This improvement was driven by the Americas segment, which saw a 2.8 million increase in higher margin Double Team sorghum revenue between these two periods. Although the AUSDOM segment had a 1.1 million decrease in revenue due to dry planting conditions, gross profit, as a percentage of revenue, improved for the three months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2022 due to improved inventory life-cycle management resulting in fewer inventory write-downs. The significant decrease in revenue and negative gross profit for the three months ended December 31, 2023 compared to December 31, 2022 in the International segment was largely due to management's decision to not discount non-dormant alfalfa seed as cheaper European seed disrupted the MENA region as well as government incentives to produce wheat in Saudi Arabia reducing demand. 
 For the six months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the restated revenue and gross profit by segment is presented below: 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the six months ended December 31, 2023 
 
 For the six months ended December 31, 2023 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 27,297,275 

8,300,438 

30.4 
 
 Americas 
 
 12,144,687 

4,313,051 

35.5 

International 
 
 11,720,430 

3,249,129 

27.7 

AUSDOM 
 
 3,432,158 

739,436 

21.5 

Other 
 
 - 

(1,178) 
 
 0.0 

Total 
 
 27,297,275 

8,300,438 

30.4 
 
 Total 
 
 27,297,275 

8,300,438 

30.4 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the six months ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For the six months ended December 31, 2022 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 32,803,667 

7,253,802 

22.1 
 
 Americas 
 
 9,987,971 

2,190,479 

21.9 

International 
 
 17,625,225 

4,281,599 

24.3 

AUSDOM 
 
 5,125,879 

709,513 

13.8 

Other 
 
 64,592 

72,211 

0.0 

Total 
 
 32,803,667 

7,253,802 

22.1 
 
 Total 
 
 32,803,667 

7,253,802 

22.1 

39 

Despite revenue decreasing by 5.5 million in the six months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the six months ended December 31, 2022, gross profit improved by 1.0 million. Revenue and gross profit improved by 2.2 million and 2.1 million, respectively, in the Americas segment for the six months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the six months ended December 31, 2022, driven by a 3.3 million increase in higher margin Double Team sorghum revenue and a 0.8 million increase in grain sorghum sales into Mexico due to an increased focus on selling sorghum in that market offset by a 2.4 million decrease in Mexico non-dormant alfalfa sales due to wet conditions causing missed plantings. The International segment had a 5.9 million decrease in revenue for the six months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the six months ended December 31, 2022, driven by decreased sales in the MENA region caused by management's decision to not discount non-dormant alfalfa as cheaper European seed disrupted the market and government incentives to produce wheat in Saudi Arabia reduced demand. The AUSDOM segment had decreased sales of sorghum, pasture products, forage cereals and non-dormant alfalfa seed in the six months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the six months ended December 31, 2022 due to dry planting conditions; however, due to improved inventory life-cycle management resulting in fewer inventory write-downs year-over-year, the gross profit percentage improved for the six months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the six months ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the restated revenue and gross profit by segment is presented below: 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 
 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2024 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 18,324,635 

5,029,300 

27.4 
 
 Americas 
 
 9,912,489 

2,848,911 

28.7 

International 
 
 1,708,289 

1,055,421 

61.8 

AUSDOM 
 
 6,703,857 

1,125,081 

16.8 

Other 
 
 - 

(113) 
 
 0.0 

Total 
 
 18,324,635 

5,029,300 

27.4 
 
 Total 
 
 18,324,635 

5,029,300 

27.4 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended March 31, 2023 
 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2023 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 17,662,307 

4,430,471 

25.1 
 
 Americas 
 
 8,511,307 

3,096,895 

36.4 

International 
 
 1,800,490 

710,707 

39.5 

AUSDOM 
 
 7,350,510 

622,869 

8.5 

Total 
 
 17,662,307 

4,430,471 

25.1 
 
 Total 
 
 17,662,307 

4,430,471 

25.1 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2023, total revenue increased by 1.4 million in the Americas segment driven by non-dormant alfalfa seed sales in Argentina while the AUSDOM segment saw a 0.6 million decrease in revenue driven by lower non-dormant alfalfa seed, forage cereals, and pasture product sales due to dry planting conditions. The gross profit improvement in the International segment for the three months ended March 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2023 was largely attributable to favorable foreign currency adjustments during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 40 

For the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the restated revenue and gross profit by segment is presented below: 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the nine months ended March 31, 2024 
 
 For the nine months ended March 31, 2024 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 45,621,910 

13,329,738 

29.2 
 
 Americas 
 
 22,057,176 

7,161,962 

32.5 

International 
 
 13,428,719 

4,304,550 

32.1 

AUSDOM 
 
 10,136,015 

1,864,517 

18.4 

Other 
 
 - 

(1,291) 
 
 0.0 

Total 
 
 45,621,910 

13,329,738 

29.2 
 
 Total 
 
 45,621,910 

13,329,738 

29.2 

As Reported 
 
 As Restated 

For the nine months ended March 31, 2023 
 
 For the nine months ended March 31, 2023 

Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Segment 
 Revenue 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross Profit 

Consolidated 
 
 50,465,974 

11,684,273 

23.2 
 
 Americas 
 
 18,499,278 

5,287,374 

28.6 

International 
 
 19,425,715 

4,992,306 

25.7 

AUSDOM 
 
 12,476,389 

1,332,382 

10.7 

Other 
 
 64,592 

72,211 

0.0 

Total 
 
 50,465,974 

11,684,273 

23.2 
 
 Total 
 
 50,465,974 

11,684,273 

23.2 

Revenue for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2023 decreased by 4.8 million while gross profit improved by 1.6 million. Total revenue in the International segment decreased by 6.0 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2023, largely due to management's decision to not discount non-dormant alfalfa as cheaper European seed disrupted the market in the MENA region and government incentives to produce wheat in Saudi Arabia reduced demand. Total revenue in the AUSDOM segment decreased by 2.3 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2023 due to decreased sales across all Australian crops due to dry planting conditions. Total revenue in the Americas segment increased by 3.6 million for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2023, which was largely attributed to increased sales of our higher margin Double Team sorghum products. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our working capital and working capital requirements fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending on the phase of the growing and sales cycle that falls during a particular quarter. Our need for cash has historically been highest in the second and third fiscal quarters (October through March) because we pay our North American contracted growers progressively, starting in the second fiscal quarter. In fiscal 2024, we paid our North American growers approximately 50 of amounts due in the fall of 2023 and the balance was paid in the spring of 2024. This payment cycle to our growers was similar in fiscal 2023 and we expect it to be similar for fiscal 2025. S W Australia, our Australia-based wholly owned subsidiary, has production cycles that are counter-cyclical to North America; however, the timing of payments to Australian growers, also puts a greater demand on our working capital and working capital requirements during these periods. 
 Historically, due to the concentration of sales to certain distributors, our month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter sales and associated cash receipts are highly dependent upon the timing of deliveries to and payments from these distributors, which varies significantly from year-to-year. 
 We continuously monitor and evaluate our credit policies with all our customers based on historical collection experience, current economic and market conditions and a review of the current status of the respective trade accounts receivable balance. Our principal working capital components include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and our working capital lines of credit. 
 In addition to funding our business with cash from operations, we have historically relied upon occasional sales of our debt and equity securities and credit facilities from financial institutions, both in the United States and Australia. 
 41 

S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration on July 24, 2024 based on its determination that S W Australia is likely to become insolvent within the meaning of section 436A(1) of Australia s Corporations Act 2001. In Australia, voluntary administration is a process whereby an insolvent company is placed in the hands of one or more independent administrators whose role is to investigate the company s affairs, to report to creditors and to recommend to creditors whether the company should enter into a deed of company arrangement, liquidation, or be returned to its board of directors. A voluntary administration involves an investigation of available options to provide a better return to creditors and, if possible, to save the business. As a result of the voluntary administration process, we currently do not control S W Australia, and on October 11, 2024, creditors of S W Australia approved a proposed Deed of Company Arrangement, pursuant to which, among other things, the outstanding shares of S W Australia would be transferred to a third party. We expect that S W Australia will no longer be our subsidiary, or owned or controlled by us in any manner, at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process and therefore all of the related business conducted through S W Australia will cease to be included within the scope of our business. As a result, if, as expected, we do not regain control of S W Australia at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process, we will no longer include S W Australia in our consolidated financials. 
 Capital Resources and Requirements 
 We are not profitable and have had negative cash flow from operations for the last several years, excluding the fiscal 2023 gain recognized in relation to the Vision Bioenergy partnership. To help fund our operations, we have relied on debt and equity financings, and we will need to obtain additional funding to finance our operations in the future. Accordingly, we are actively evaluating financing and strategic alternatives, including debt and equity financings and potential sales of assets or certain lines of business. 
 We expect to meet our future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, and through debt financing, among other sources of capital. Our ability to fund our operating needs will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows through sales of our products, our ability to find other sufficient financing options if we are unable to renew our existing debt facilities, the impacts of adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events, and other factors, including those discussed under the section titled Risk Factors . 
 Below is a summary of material changes to our sources of capital during the year ended June 30, 2024 and events that occurred subsequent to year-end: 
 CIBC Loan Agreement 
 Our Loan and Security Agreement with CIBC Bank USA, or CIBC, as amended to date, or the CIBC Loan Agreement, provides for a 25.0 million credit facility. The following amendments to the CIBC Loan Agreement occurred during the year ended June 30, 2024: 
 On September 25, 2023, we entered into a First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the First Amendment, with CIBC Bank USA, or CIBC, which amended the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 22, 2023, or the CIBC Loan Agreement, by and among us, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The First Amendment, among other things, (i) waived certain events of default under the CIBC Loan Agreement, (ii) eliminated the minimum EBITDA and fixed charge coverage ratio covenants for the period ending of June 30, 2024, (iii) increased the applicable interest rate margin on advances under the CIBC Loan Agreement by 0.5 per annum (i.e. from 2.0 to 2.5 per annum), and (iv) added a fee of 75,000 payable by us to CIBC on the date of the First Amendment. Except as modified by the First Amendment, all terms and conditions of the CIBC Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

On May 13, 2024, we entered into a Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the Second Amendment, with CIBC, which amended the CIBC Loan Agreement by and among the us, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The Second Amendment, among other things, (i) waived certain events of default under the CIBC Loan Agreement and (ii) added a fee of 25,000 payable by us to CIBC on the date of the Second Amendment. Except as modified by the Second Amendment, all terms and conditions of the CIBC Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

42 

On July 3, 2024, we entered into a Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the Third Amendment, with CIBC, which amended the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, by and among us, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The Third Amendment, effective as of July 1, 2024, among other things: 

o subject to the satisfaction of certain post-closing covenants, extended the maturity date from August 31, 2024 to October 31, 2024, or the Maturity Date; 

o modified the maximum loan commitment under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement to (i) 20.0 million from July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024, (ii) 18.5 million from August 1, 2024 through September 1, 2024, (iii) 17.5 million from September 2, 2024 through September 15, 2024, (iv) 15.0 million from September 16, 2024 through October 9, 2024, and (v) 13.0 million from October 10, 2024 through the Maturity Date; 

o modified the eligible inventory sublimit under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement from 5.0 million from July 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 to (i) 8.5 million from July 1, 2024 through July 14, 2024, (ii) 7.5 million from July 15, 2024 through August 14, 2024, (iii) 7.0 million from August 15, 2024 through September 15, 2024, (iv) 6.5 million from September 16, 2024 through September 29, 2024, and (v) 5.0 million from September 30, 2024 through the Maturity Date; 

o added certain post-closing covenants which, should we not comply with the amended terms, shall constitute an immediate event of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement; 

o added a fee of 15,000 payable by us to CIBC on the date of the Third Amendment; 

o added a fee of 10,000 payable by us to CIBC monthly beginning July 1, 2024, and payable only if the eligible inventory sublimit is greater than 5.0 million; and 

o added a fee of 25,000 payable by us to CIBC on October 1, 2024, and payable only if we do not repay the obligations under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement in full by September 30, 2024. 

S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration also constituted an event of default under our Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, as a result of a cross-default provision in the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement that is triggered by the event of default under the NAB Finance Agreement. On August 5, 2024, we received a waiver for the event of default from CIBC. The waiver stipulates that the occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an immediate event of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, without notice or demand of any kind: 

o Any notice of default and/or demand for payment is issued by NAB to us under the Parent Guarantee; 

o The institution of any legal proceedings by NAB against us; and 

o NAB takes any other judicial or non-judicial action under the Parent Guarantee or otherwise against us in connection with the Parent Guarantee. 

In the event that any of the above events occur, we must provide immediate written notice to CIBC. We are also required to provide written weekly updates, in form and substance satisfactory to CIBC, addressing S W Australia s insolvency proceeding and/or any actions or communications from NAB with respect to S W Australia s insolvency proceeding or the Parent Guarantee as well as any actions or progress in furtherance of a sale of S W Australia or all or any material part of its business. 
 On October 31, 2024, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the Fourth Amendment, with CIBC, which amended the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, by and among us, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The Third Amendment, effective as of October 31, 2024, among other things: 

o extended the maturity date from October 31, 2024 to November 8, 2024, and, provided that if on or before November 8, 2024, we deliver to CIBC an amended letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP, and for the benefit of CIBC, that expires on December 

43 

31, 2024 or after, the maturity date of the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement will be automatically extended to November 30, 2024; 

o provided for a fee of 25,000 payable by us to CIBC on the date of the Fourth Amendment; and 

o waived our non-compliance with certain covenants under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement. 

All amounts outstanding under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, including, but not limited to, accrued and unpaid principal and interest due under the CIBC Credit Facility, will be due and payable in full on November 8, 2024 (or November 30, 2024 if we deliver to CIBC by November 8, 2024 an amended letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP, extending letter of credit to December 31, 2024). As of September 16, 2024, and since then, the revolving loan outstanding under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement (as amended by the Third Amendment) has exceeded the total revolving loan commitment thereunder, which constitutes an event of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement. On September 18, 2024, we received a reservation of rights letter from CIBC asserting the existence of such event of default, increasing the interest rate applicable to the loans by 2 per annum (which is the default rate under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement), and reserving CIBC s right to immediately exercise any of CIBC s other rights or remedies under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement as it deems appropriate. As of the date of this filing, CIBC has not accelerated the indebtedness under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement. 
 NAB Finance Agreement 
 On November 17, 2023, S W Australia entered into an amended and restated finance agreement with National Australia Bank Limited, or NAB, pursuant to which, among other things: 
 the borrowing base line credit limit under S W Australia s seasonal credit facility was decreased from AUD 40.0 million (USD 26.7 million as of June 30, 2024) to AUD 36.0 million (USD 24.0 million as of June 30, 2024), and the maturity date was extended from September 30, 2024 to March 31, 2025; 

the overdraft credit limit under S W Australia s seasonal credit facility was increased from AUD 2.0 million (USD 1.3 million as of June 30, 2024) to AUD 6.0 million (USD 4.0 million as of June 30, 2024), and the maturity date was extended to March 31, 2024. Effective March 19, 2024, NAB provided a temporary extension for this facility to July 10, 2024.; and 

the customer margin component of the interest rate for drawings denominated in a foreign currency was changed from 1.65 to 3.00 per annum. 

S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration on July 24, 2024 based on its determination that it was likely to become insolvent. This event triggered an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under the NAB Finance Agreement. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. We do not expect S W Australia to be our subsidiary, or owned or controlled by us in any manner, at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process and therefore all of the related business conducted through S W Australia will cease to be included within the scope of our business. 

Shell Partnership 
 In connection with our partnership with Shell, we received 6.0 million in cash in February 2024. 
 Trigall Partnership 
 In connection with our partnership with Trigall Genetics, we received 1.0 million in cash in January 2024. 
 On April 29, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Trigall to sell our remaining 20 ownership interest in Trigall Australia. In exchange for our remaining 20 ownership interest, we received 0.1 million. This transaction resulted in us recording a 0.5 million loss on the sales of this equity method investment. We also received 0.3 million in exchange for certain fixed assets we owned. 
 AgAmerica Note 
 No amendments have occurred to the AgAmerica Agreement for the year ended June 30, 2024 or subsequent to year-end. Due to the delayed filing of this Form 10-K, we were not in compliance with the reporting requirements 
 44 

per the AgAmerica Loan Agreement; however, a waiver was received from AgAmerica for such non-compliance, executed on November 1, 2024. 
 MFP Loan Agreement 
 On July 16, 2024, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP, or the MFP Amendment, amending the MFP Loan Agreement with MFP, to (i) extend the maturity date of the letter of credit to November 30, 2024 and (ii) extend the maturity date of the MFP Loan Agreement to May 31, 2025. Except as modified by the MFP Amendment, all terms and conditions of the MFP Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. 
 On October 31, 2024, we entered into a Fifth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP, or the MFP Fifth Amendment, further amending the MFP Loan Agreement with MFP, to extend the maturity date of the letter of credit to December 31, 2024. Except as modified by the MFP Fifth Amendment, all terms and conditions of the MFP Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. 
 Summary 
 The Amended CIBC Loan Agreement and S W Australia's debt facilities with NAB contain various operating and financial covenants. Adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events and uncertain market conditions have increased the risk of our inability to comply with these covenants, which could result in acceleration of our repayment obligations and foreclosure on our pledged assets. In addition, these loan agreements contain cross-default provisions, such that certain defaults or breaches under any of our loan agreements may entitle CIBC to invoke default remedies. 
 We were not in compliance with certain covenants in the NAB Finance Agreement as of June 30, 2024 and have not obtained a waiver from NAB for such non-compliance, as S W Australia is currently under voluntary administration and, as such, not under our control. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration constituted an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under the NAB Finance Agreement. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. The NAB Finance Agreement is guaranteed by us, up to a maximum of AUD 15.0 million (USD 10.0 million as of June 30, 2024), or the Parent Guarantee. Our obligations under the Parent Guarantee are not subject to a stay in connection with S W Australia s voluntary administration. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration also constituted an event of default under our Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, as a result of a cross-default provision in the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement that is triggered by the event of default under the NAB Finance Agreement. On August 5, 2024, we received a waiver for the event of default from CIBC, which contained certain stipulations. 
 Our future liquidity and capital requirements will be influenced by numerous factors, including: 
 the maturity and repayment of our debt; 

the extent and sustainability of future operating income; 

the level and timing of future sales and expenditures; 

timing for when we are able to recognize revenue; 

working capital required to support our growth; 

our ability to timely pay our growers; 

investment capital for plant and equipment; 

investment in our sales and marketing programs; 

investment capital for potential acquisitions; 

our ability to renew and/or refinance our debt on acceptable terms; 

our ability to raise equity financing, in order to secure refinancing as well as support our operations, among other things; 

competition; 

market developments; and 

45 

developments related to adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events, including bank failures, inflation and supply chain disruptions. 

We cannot assure you that we will be successful in renewing or refinancing our existing debt, raising additional capital, securing future waivers and/or amendments from CIBC or our other lenders, or securing new financing. If we are unsuccessful in doing so, we may need to reduce the scope of our operations, repay amounts owing to our lenders, finance our cash needs through a combination of equity and debt financings, enter into collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements, sell certain assets or divest certain operations. 
 If we are required or desire to raise additional capital in the future, whether as a condition to loan refinancing or separately, such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, or available at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest would be diluted and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, may be secured by all or a portion of our assets, and may be on terms less favorable than our existing loans. If we fail to obtain additional capital as and when required, such failure could have a material impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 As a result of the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the armed conflict in Sudan, the conflict in the Middle East, the import ban on alfalfa seed in Saudi Arabia, and other geopolitical and macroeconomic factors beyond our control, the global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. On March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank. While we did not have deposits at Silicon Valley Bank, if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. It is possible that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will occur. If equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may affect our ability to raise equity capital, borrow on our existing facilities, access our existing cash, or make any additional necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. In addition, our ability to comply with the terms of our loan agreements can be compromised and could result in an event of default. If an event of default were to occur, our lenders could accelerate our repayment obligations or enforce their other rights under our agreements with them. Any such default may also require us to seek additional or alternative financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

(5,637,022) 

(18,978,150) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

5,878,068 

8,371,784 

Cash flows from financing activities 

(3,346,408) 

11,949,668 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

583 

(1,017) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(3,104,779) 

1,342,285 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

3,398,793 

2,056,508 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

294,014 

3,398,793 

Operating Activities 
 For the year ended June 30, 2024, operating activities used 5.6 million in cash. Of this, the net loss excluding non-cash items as detailed on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows used 12.7 million in cash, and changes in operating assets and liabilities as detailed on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows provided 7.1 million in cash. The increase in cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an 5.1 million decrease in inventories, a 3.3 million decrease in accounts receivable, a 0.4 million increase in deferred revenue, a 
 46 

0.1 million increase in accounts payable, and a 0.1 million decrease in other non-current assets, partially offset by a 1.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a 0.8 million decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, operating activities used 19.0 million in cash. Of this, the net loss excluding non-cash items as detailed on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows used 15.2 million in cash, and changes in operating assets and liabilities as detailed on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows used 3.8 million in cash. The decrease in cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by a 5.9 million increase in accounts receivable, a 2.2 million decrease in accounts payable, a 1.3 million decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, a 0.2 million decrease in other non-current liabilities, and a 0.1 million decrease in deferred revenue, partially offset by a 5.8 million decrease in inventories and a 0.1 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2024 provided 5.9 million in cash, which resulted from 6.0 million in proceeds from the partnership with Vision Bioenergy, 1.0 million in proceeds from the partnership transaction between Trigall and S W Australia, 0.5 million in proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment from our United States and Australia facilities, and 0.1 million in proceeds from the sale of remaining 20 interest in Trigall Australia, offset by 1.5 million in additions to property, plant and equipment for our United States and Australian facilities and 0.1 million in capital contributions to the Trigall partnership. 
 Investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023 provided 8.4 million in cash, which resulted from 7.0 million in proceeds from the partnership transaction with Vision Bioenergy, 2.0 million in proceeds from the partnership transaction between Trigall and S W Australia, and 0.4 million in proceeds from the sale of our remaining shares of Bioceres stock, partially offset by 0.8 million in additions to property, plant and equipment for our United States and Australian facilities and 0.2 million in capital contributions to Trigall. 
 Financing Activities 
 Financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2024 used 3.3 million in cash, consisting of 2.7 million in net borrowings and repayments on the working capital lines of credit, 1.2 million in repayments of long term debt, 0.6 million in debt issuance costs, and 0.2 million in net proceeds from the sale of common stock, offset by 1.3 million from borrowings of long-term debt. 
 Financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023 provided 11.9 million in cash, consisting of 9.9 million in net borrowings on the working capital lines of credit, 4.2 million of borrowings of long-term debt, and 0.1 million in proceeds from sale of common stock, partially offset by repayments of long-term debt of 1.8 million, debt issuance costs of 0.4 million, and taxes paid related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards of 0.1 million. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary pressures on labor and commodity prices directly impacted our consolidated results of operations during the year ended June 30, 2024 and we expect this to continue throughout fiscal year 2025. We attempt to manage any inflationary costs through selective price increases and changes in product mix, but rapidly changing inflationary pressures from global commodity prices and logistics could impact our costs of goods before pricing adjustments can be implemented. Delays in implementing such price increases, competitive pressures, and other factors may limit our ability to recover such cost increases in the future. Inherent volatility experienced in certain commodity markets could have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations and may have an adverse effect on us in the future. The extent of any impact will depend on our ability to manage such volatility through the product mix that we sell and selective price increases. 
 47 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing our financial statements, we must select and apply various accounting policies in accordance with GAAP. Our most significant policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In order to apply our accounting policies, we often need to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are reasonable, based upon the information available to us. In making such estimates, we rely on historical experience, market and other conditions, and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. However, the estimation process is by its nature uncertain given that estimates depend on events over which we may not have control. If market and other conditions change from those that we anticipate, our results of operations, financial condition and changes in financial condition may be materially affected. In addition, if our assumptions change, we may need to revise our estimates, or to take other corrective actions, either of which may also have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or changes in financial condition. Members of our senior management have discussed the development and selection of our critical accounting estimates, and our disclosure regarding them, with the audit committee of our Board, and do so on a regular basis. 
 We believe that the following estimates have a higher degree of inherent uncertainty and require our most significant judgments. In addition, had we used estimates different from any of these, our results of operations, financial condition or changes in financial condition for the current period could have been materially different from those presented. 
 Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets 
 We assess the carrying value of our long-lived assets, consisting primarily of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and lease ROU assets, when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. Such events or changes in circumstances may include a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant change in legal factors or in the business climate, a significant deterioration in the amount of revenue or cash flows expected to be generated from a group of assets, a current expectation that, more likely than not a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. We perform impairment testing at the asset group level that represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. If events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable and the expected undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the asset group based on its remaining useful life are less than the carrying amount of the asset group, an impairment loss equal to the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value may need to be recorded. Fair values are typically estimated using discounted cash flow techniques. Significant changes in key assumptions about the business, market conditions and prospects for which the long-lived asset is currently utilized or expected to be utilized could result in an impairment charge. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we quantitatively evaluated the recoverability of our long-lived assets, including our finite-lived intangible assets, for impairment in conjunction with its long-lived assets impairment assessment. We identified a 3.5 million impairment related to its finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended June 30, 2024. No impairment was recorded relating to our property, plant and equipment and lease ROU assets. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we did not record any impairment loss related to its finite-lived intangible assets. The impairment loss related to long-lived assets are included in Impairment charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 5 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our long-lived assets impairment assessments. 
 Inventories 
 All inventories are accounted for on a lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventories consist of raw materials, work in process, and finished goods. Depending on market conditions, the actual amount received on sale could differ from our estimated value of inventory. In order to determine the value of inventory at the balance sheet date, we evaluate a number of factors to determine the adequacy of provisions for inventory and this may require us in some cases to make significant judgments. The factors include the age of inventory, the quality of the inventory via its germination rates, the amount of inventory held by type, future demand for products and the expected future selling price we expect to realize by selling the inventory. Our estimates are judgmental in nature and are made at a point in time, using available information, expected business plans and expected market conditions. We perform a review of our inventory by product line on a quarterly basis. 
 48 

During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized a write-down of inventory in the amount of 2.0 million and 2.8 million, respectively, which is included in Cost of revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The write-down of inventory during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were related to certain inventory lots that deteriorated in quality and germination rates, reserves for an estimated amount that is expected to deteriorate in quality and germination during the product life cycle and adjusting specific products to market value. 
 Item 7A.	Quantitat ive and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Because we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide information typically disclosed under this item. 
 49 

Item 8.	Financi al Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 51 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 53 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 58 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

50 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors of Stockholders 
 S W Seed Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of S W Seed Company (a Nevada corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred a net loss of 30.1 million and cash used in operating activities was 5.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, and as of that date, the Company s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by 5.9 million and had an accumulated deficit of 122.1 million. In addition, the Company s subsidiary, S W Australia, entered into voluntary administration on July 24, 2024, and is no longer under the Company's control. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration also resulted in an event of default under the Company s Amended CIBC Loan Agreement. On August 5, 2024, the Company received a waiver for the event of default from CIBC, which contained conditions that are not within the Company s control. As discussed in Note 18 to the financial statements, effective September 16, 2024, the Company was not in compliance with the amended terms per the Third Amendment of the Company s Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, which constitutes an additional event of default, and through the date of this report has not been able to regain compliance. These conditions and uncertainties as to whether the Company can mitigate the impact of the voluntary administration, along with other matters as set forth in Note 2, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 51 

Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses the carrying value of its long-lived assets, which includes finite-lived intangible assets, when there is evidence that changes in circumstances may indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company quantitatively evaluated the recoverability of its long-lived assets, including its finite-lived intangible assets, for impairment based on indicators that the carrying value of an asset or group may not be recoverable. As a result of the impairment assessment, management concluded that the carrying value of the Alfalfa asset group can be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group. We identified the impairment assessment for the Alfalfa asset group as a critical audit matter. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the long-lived assets impairment assessment for the Alfalfa asset group represents a critical audit matter is the significant inputs and assumptions required by management when estimating the future cash flows of the asset group, including revenue growth rates, gross margin, and operating expenses within the asset group. Evaluating the reasonableness of these inputs and assumptions requires significant auditor judgment. 
 Our audit procedures related to the long-lived assets impairment assessment for the Alfalfa asset group included the following, among others. 
 (i) We read management s memo identifying and evaluating indicators of impairment and compared the assumptions used in management s analysis to other audit testing performed, including the consideration of the indicators of impairment in the assumptions used to develop the asset group s future undiscounted cash flows. 

(ii) We evaluated the reasonableness of significant assumptions used to develop the asset group s undiscounted cash flow projections, including testing the underlying source of information and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, used within the undiscounted cash flow model to estimate the recoverability of long-lived assets, which included assumptions such as revenue growth rates, gross margin, and operating expenses, and comparing them to historical amounts, industry and economic trends and by tracing them to underlying source information. 

(iii) We performed sensitivity analyses over certain assumptions in the undiscounted cash flows utilized in the recoverability test. 

/s/ 

November 1, 2024 
 52 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Stockholders and the Board of Directors of S W Seed Company 
 Longmont, Colorado 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of S W Seed Company (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 September 27, 2023, except for Notes 4 and 17 with respect to the 2023 information, as to which the date is November 1, 2024 
 We served as the Company's auditor from 2015 to 2024. 
 53 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

As of June 30, 

ASSETS 
 
 2024 

2023 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Notes receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intellectual property, net 

Other intangibles, net 

Right of use assets - operating leases 

Equity method investments 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Current portion of working capital lines of credit, net 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long-term debt, net, less current portion 

Other non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

MEZZANINE EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 

TOTAL MEZZANINE EQUITY 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024; issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares at June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Non-controlling interests 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

() 

Impairment charges 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other (income) expense: 

Foreign currency loss 

Government grant income 

() 

Gain on sale of business interest 

() 

Loss (gain) on sale of equity investment 

() 

Gain on disposal of intangible assets 

() 

Interest expense - amortization of debt discount 

Interest expense, net 

Other (income) expenses 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

(Loss) income before equity in net earnings of affiliates 

() 

Equity in loss of equity method investees, net of tax 

Net (loss) income 

() 

(Loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

Net (loss) income attributable to S W Seed Company 

() 

Calculation of net (loss) income per share: 

Net (loss) income attributable to S W Seed Company 

() 

Dividends accrued for participating securities and accretion 

() 

() 

Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

() 

Net (loss) income attributable to S W Seed Company per common share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income taxes 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to S W Seed Company 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Mezzanine Equity 

Shareholders' Equity 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Non- controlling 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Interests 

Loss 

Equity 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for cash upon exercise of stock options 

Subordinated loan security agreement warrants 

Series B detachable warrant 

() 

() 

Accrued dividends on Series B convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

Net issuance to settle RSUs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of expenses 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Series B detachable warrant 

() 

() 

Accrued dividends on Series B convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

Net issuance to settle RSUs 

() 

() 

Cash paid related to stock issuance costs 

() 

() 

Liquidation of subsidiary 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income from operating activities to net 

cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Provision for credit losses 

Inventory write-down 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment charges 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

() 

Gain on disposal of intangible assets 

() 

Gain on sale of business interest 

() 

Loss (gain) on sale of equity investment 

() 

Equity in loss of equity method investees, net of tax 

Government grant income 

() 

Change in deferred tax provision 

() 

Change in foreign exchange contracts 

() 

() 

Foreign currency transactions 

Amortization of debt discount 

Accretion of note receivable 

() 

() 

Changes in: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Other non-current assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of business interest 

Proceeds from partnership transaction 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Capital contributions to partnerships 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from sale of equity investment 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Borrowings and repayments on lines of credit, net 

() 

Borrowings of long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

() 

() 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Cash paid related to stock issuance costs 

() 

Net proceeds from sale of common stock 

Issuance of common stock for cash upon exercise of stock options 

Taxes paid related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH 

() 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of the period 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 interest in the subsidiary to Shell. Refer to Note 7 for further information. 

of a venture based in South Africa named SeedVision Proprietary Limited, or SeedVision. SeedVision is a variable interest entity as defined in ASC 810-10, Consolidation, because no substantive equity contributions have been made to it, and SeedVision is being funded through advances, as needed, from its investors . The Company has concluded that it is the primary beneficiary of SeedVision because it has the power, through a tie-breaking vote on the board of directors, to direct the sales and marketing activities of SeedVision, which are considered to be the activities that have the greatest impact on the future economic performance of SeedVision. Up until its liquidation in June 2024, the Company owned of Sorghum Solutions South Africa, which is a variable interest entity as defined in ASC 810-10, Consolidation, because no substantive equity contributions have been made to it, and Sorghum Solutions South Africa is being funded through advances, as needed, from its investors . The Company previously concluded that it was the primary beneficiary of Sorghum Solutions South Africa because it had the power, through a tie-breaking vote on the board of directors, to direct the sales and 

59 

million of current assets (restricted) and million of current liabilities (nonrecourse) for these entities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024. The Company recorded a million of current assets (restricted) and million of current liabilities (nonrecourse) for these entities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023. For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a combined net loss of million and million, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has operating and reportable segments that correspond with its operating model, management structure, and internal reporting reviewed by its Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is the Chief Executive Officer. The Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker allocates resources and assesses performance based on these three segments. The Company's three operating segments, each its own reportable segment, are Americas, International, and AUSDOM. Management concluded that the Company's unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for each of the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023, and March 31, 2024 should no longer be relied upon because of errors contained through the omission of footnote disclosure on the Company's business segments. Comparative prior period disclosures in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been recast to conform to the current segment presentation. Refer to Note 17 for additional information regarding the Company's reportable segments and Item 7 for the Company's unaudited quarterly segmented information for the applicable periods noted above. 

single customer accounted for more than of revenue for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2 023. 

60 

and another customer accounted for an additional of the Company's accounts receivable as of June 30, 2024. customer accounted for more than of the Company s accounts receivable at June 30, 2023. The Company sells a substantial portion of its products to international customers. Sales to international markets represen ted and of revenue during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. and of total fixed assets at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Australia 

Mexico 

Saudi Arabia 

South Africa 

Pakistan 

Libya 

Argentina 

Sudan 

China 

Other 

Total revenue 

million and negative cash flows from operations of million. The Company has an accumulated deficit of million as of June 30, 2024. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash on hand of million and negative working capital of million. The Company had million of unused availability from its working capital facilities as of June 30, 2024 (see Note 8 for further discussion). In relation to the partnerships formed in fiscal 2023, the Company received million from Trigall Genetics S.A., or Trigall, in January 2024 and received million from Equilon Enterprises LLC (dba Shell Oil Products, or Shell) in February 2024 as consideration from the initial agreements. The Company sold its remaining ownership interest in Trigall Australia in April 2024. In exchange for S W Australia s remaining ownership interest, S W Australia received million. S W Australia also received million in exchange for certain fixed assets owned by S W Australia. The Company s Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, with CIBC Bank USA, or CIBC, and S W Australia's debt facilities with National Australia Bank, or NAB, listed under the NAB Finance Agreement, are classified as current on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets given that the debt is due within 12 months of the June 30, 2024. These debt facilities also contain various operating and financial covenants. Adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic events and other factors affecting the Company s results of operations have increased the risk of the Company s inability to comply with these covenants, which could result in acceleration of its repayment obligations and foreclosure on its pledged assets. While the Amended CIBC 

61 

million (USD million as of June 30, 2024), or the Parent Guarantee, which is not subject to stay in connection to S W Australia's voluntary administration. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration constituted an event of default under the Company s Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, as a result of a cross-default provision in the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement that is triggered by the event of default under the NAB Finance Agreement. On August 5, 2024, the Company received a waiver for the event of default from CIBC, which contained certain stipulations outside of the Company's control and detailed further in Note 18. The voluntary administration process is expected to conclude in November 2024. Refer to Note 18 for additional details on S W Australia s voluntary administration and the effects thereof. There can be no assurance the Company will be successful in meeting its covenants or securing waivers and/or amendments from its lenders in the future. If the Company is unsuccessful in meeting its covenants or securing future waivers and/or amendments from its lenders and cannot obtain other financing options, it may need to reduce the scope of its operations, repay amounts owed to its lenders and/or sell certain assets. Further, if the Company cannot renew or find other financing options when its debt facility with CIBC expires on (or November 30, 2024 if the Company delivers to CIBC by November 8, 2024 an amended letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP Partners L.P., extending letter of credit to December 31, 2024), it may need to reduce the scope of its operations, repay amounts owed to its lenders and/or sell certain assets. Additionally, if the Company is not able to find a buyer for S W Australia, it may be required to pay the Parent Guarantee, which, in turn, could cause the Company to reduce the scope of its operations, repay amounts owed to its lenders, and/or sell certain assets. These operating and liquidity factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

() 

Foreign currency loss 

Total 

() 

62 

million and million as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash balances located outside of the United States may not be insured and t otaled million and million on June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash balances residing in the United States exceeding the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit of totaled million and million on June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 million and million on June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Inventories, net 

to for buildings, to for machinery and equipment, to years for leasehold improvements, and to for vehicles. 

 63 

to for technology/IP/germplasm, to for customer relationships and trade names and to for other intangible assets. The weighted average estimated useful lives are for technology/IP/germplasm, for customer relationships, for trade names, and for other intangible assets. 
 million impairment related to its finite-lived intangible assets for the year ended June 30, 2024. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company did not record any impairment loss related to its finite-lived intangible assets. The impairment loss related to its long-lived assets is recorded to Impairment charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 5 for additional information regarding the Company's intangible assets impairment assessments. 
 ownership interest in Vision Bioenergy and a ownership interest in Trigall Australia. Following the initial recording of each investment, the Company assesses and records its share of equity earnings from each investment on a quarterly basis, resulting in the investment carrying value increasing or decreasing depending on whether a gain or loss is recorded. For Trigall Australia, the Company is also required to make capital contributions, which increases the carrying value of the investment. In April 2024, the Company sold its remaining ownership interest in Trigall Australia. In exchange for S W Australia s remaining ownership interest, S W Australia received million. This transaction resulted in the Company recording a million loss on the sale of this equity method investment. S W Australia also received million in exchange for certain fixed assets owned by S W Australia. 

64 

million in relief for the period from April 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021. Upon receipt of the relief, the Company will owe million in tax advisory costs associated with the assessment of the tax credit, which is accrued for as of June 30, 2024. Further research is ongoing to determine if the Company qualifies for any other reporting periods. As there is no authoritative guidance under U.S. GAAP for government assistance to for-profit business entities, the Company accounts for the ERC by analogy to International Accounting Standards 20, or IAS 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance . In accordance with IAS 20, management determined it has reasonable assurance of receipt of the identified ERC amount and recorded the million benefit under Government grant income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended June 30, 2023. A corresponding accrual of the tax credit receivable was recorded under Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, where it still resides as of June 30, 2024. 
 
 per share, or the Series B Preferred Stock, and warrant are participating securities because holders of such shares have non-forfeitable dividend rights and participate in any undistributed earnings with common stock. Under the two-class method, total dividends provided to the holders of participating securities and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities are subtracted from net income attributable to the Company in determining net loss attributable to common shareholders. Additionally, any accretion to the redemption value for the Series B Preferred Stock is treated as a deemed dividend in the two-class EPS calculation. 

65 

Dividends accrued for participating securities 

() 

() 

Accretion of Series B Preferred Stock redemption value 

() 

() 

Numerator for net (loss) income per common share - basic and diluted 

() 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic EPS - weighted average shares 

Less: weighted average shares - dilutive securities: 

Employee stock options 

Employee restricted stock awards 

Denominator for diluted EPS - weighted average shares 

Net (loss) income per common share - basic 

() 

Net (loss) income per common share - diluted 

() 

Anti-dilutive shares, which have been excluded from the computation of diluted (loss) income per share, included employee stock options, restricted stock units, shares issuable upon conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, warrants to purchase shares of common stock related to the MFP Loan Agreement (as defined below), and warrants issued with the Company's Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The terms and conditions of these securities are more fully described in Note 12, Note 13, and Note 14 in these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

66 

million note receivable due from Shell in connection with the Vision Bioenergy partnership transaction (see Note 7). The note, which was due in February 2024, was initially recorded at its million present value discounted at a rate of , which is ou r estimated discount rate for similar instruments. The receivable balance was accreted to the full receivable amount on a straight-line basis over the receivable term due to its short-term maturity. The receivable balance was paid in full in February 2024 and had a balance of million as of J une 30, 2023. Also in conjunction with the Vision Bioenergy partnership transaction, S W received a one-time option, or Purchase Option, exercisable at any time on or before the fifth anniversary of the closing of the partnership transaction, to repurchase a membership interest from Shell. The option repurchase prices range between approximately and million, depending on the date on which such purchase is completed. The Purchase Option was valued at million using a lattice option valuation model. The valuation model incorporated significant, unobservable inputs including a discounted cash flow model based on management projections of future Vision Bioenergy results and an estimate of the current per share value of Vision Bioenergy shares. In the model, the estimate of the current per share value was discounted to account for lack of control and marketability, which were considered to be part of the unit of account given the restrictions of the limited liability company agreement that govern s the ownership rights of the members. Other unobservable inputs included the risk-free rates and the estimated future stock volatility based on the historical stock price volatilities of other market participants. A full fair value analysis will be performed whenever there is a potential indicator of impairment to the valuation. As of June 30, 2024, no indicators of impairment were present. 

Option Model 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 
 - 

Stock price volatility 
 
 - 

Lack of control premium 

Lack of marketability premium 

Vision Bioenergy interest purchase option 

Total 

Fair Value Measurements as of June 30, 2023 Using: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Foreign exchange contract liability 

Note receivable due from Shell 

Vision Bioenergy interest purchase option 

Total 

, the Company ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which was subsequently amended in November 2018 through ASU No. 201819, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , or ASU 2016-13 ). The amended guidance requires entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables, including those that are current with respect to payment terms, along with other financial instruments which may result in earlier recognition of credit losses. The Company evaluated its existing methodology for 

67 

on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. We have evaluated all other issued and unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Balance Sheets, or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280) - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, or ASU 2023-07, which requires an enhanced disclosure of segments on an annual and interim basis, including the title of the chief operating decision maker, significant segment expenses, and the composition of other segment items for each segment's reported profit. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted, and adoption of ASU 2023-07 should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ("ASU 2023-09"), expanding the disclosures requirement for income taxes primarily by requiring more detailed disclosure for income taxes paid and the effective tax rate reconciliation. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted, and adoption of ASU 2023-09 can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard. 

the term of the lease, the renewal option is considered in the lease term if it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option(s). Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for as a single lease component under the practical expedient provisions of the standard. The Company has lease agreements with terms less than . For the qualifying short-term leases, the Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption in which the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities, including the ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets upon adoption. Variable lease payments consist primarily of common area maintenance, utilities and taxes, which are not included in the recognition of ROU assets and related lease liabilities. Variable lease payments and short-term lease expenses were immaterial to the Company s financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2024. The Company s lease agreements do not contain material restrictive covenants. 

 68 

Accumulated amortization - finance leases 

() 

() 

Right of use assets - finance leases, net 
 Other assets 

Right of use assets - operating leases 
 Right of use assets - operating leases 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities: 

Current lease liabilities - finance leases 
 Current portion of long-term debt, net 

Current lease liabilities - operating leases 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Long-term portion of lease liabilities - finance leases 
 Long-term debt, net, less current portion 

Long-term portion of lease liabilities - operating leases 
 Other non-current liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating lease cost 
 Research and development expenses 

Finance lease cost 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Finance lease cost 
 Interest expense, net 

Total lease costs 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

() 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

years 

years 

Operating lease discount rate 

Finance lease remaining lease term 
 
 years 

years 

Finance lease discount rate 

Cash paid for operating leases 

Cash paid for finance leases 

69 

million and million for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Disaggregation of Revenue 

Alfalfa 

Pastures 

Other 

Services 

Total revenue 

Payment Terms and Related Balance Sheet Accounts Accounts receivable repr esent amounts that are payable to the Company by its customers subject only to the passage of time. Payment terms on invoices are generally to days for export customers and end of sales season (October 31 st for branded products sold within the United States. As the period between the transfer of goods and/or 

 70 

, the Company does not separately account for a financing component in its contracts with customers. The Comp any had million in unbi lled receivables as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, which largely related to its service level agreement with Vision Bioenergy, as the Company bills Vision Bioenergy on a quarterly basis. Losses on accounts receivable and unbilled receivables are recognized using a forward-looking approach. The Company considers current and expected future economic conditions as well as the performance of borrowers to determine the allowance for credit losses. During the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized bad debt expense of million and million, respectively, associated with impaired accounts receivable. Deferred revenue represents payments received from customers in advance of completion of the Company's performance obligation. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the deferred balance as of June 30, 2023. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the deferred balance as of June 30, 2022. 

() 

() 

() 

Trade name 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

() 

() 

() 

GI customer list 

() 

() 

() 

Supply agreement 

() 

() 

() 

Grower relationships 

() 

() 

() 

Internal use software 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net 

Amortization 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net 

Intellectual property 

() 

() 

() 

Trade name 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

() 

() 

() 

GI customer list 

() 

() 

() 

Supply agreement 

() 

() 

() 

Grower relationships 

() 

() 

() 

License agreement 

() 

() 

() 

Internal use software 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

For the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company performed its long-lived assets impairment analysis as of June 30, 2024 due to there being indicators of impairment, including the Company's going concern and recent history of operating losses. After assigning assets into their respective asset groups, the Company evaluated the recoverability of its long-lived assets based on each asset group's cumulative undiscounted future cash flows. Based on such analysis, the Company determined that for one asset group, its carrying value exceeded its cumulative undiscounted future cash flows. As this asset group failed the recoverability test, the Company assessed the fair values of the 

 71 

million. The Company was able to record the full impairment charge for this asset due to the asset group's carrying value exceeding its undiscounted cash flows by over this amount. The million impairment was recorded to Impairment charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2024. impairment was recognized for the year ended June 30, 2023. Amortization expense t otaled million and million for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expens e totaled million an d million for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the C ompany sold its remaining ownership interest in Trigall Australia. As part of this sale, occurring in April 2024, S W Australia also disposed of fixed assets with a net book value of million. 

 72 

million cash contribution to Vision Bioenergy; (ii) paid million to the Company; and (iii) paid million to retire in full the principal, accrued interest and related settlement costs of the Rooster Note, which was secured by a priority security interest in the property, plant and fixtures located at the Nampa Facilities. 

 In February 2024, Shell was required to pay an additional million to the Company, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The fair value of the full amount of this payment, based on the discounted value of the payment as of June 30, 2023, was million, which was recorded to Notes receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. This amount was paid in full to the Company in February 2024. 

 In February 2024, Shell was required to pay an additional million cash contribution to Vision Bioenergy. The fair value of this February 2024 payment as of June 30, 2023, based on the discounted value of the payment at Shell's incremental borrowing rate, was million. Shell paid this in full in February 2024. 

 S W received a one-time option, or Purchase Option, exercisable at any time on or before the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, or February 6, 2028, to purchase a membership interest from Shell for a purchase price ranging between approximately and million, depending on the date on which such purchase is completed. The fair market value of the Purchase Option on the Closing Date was million based on a third party appraisal. 

 Upon the achievement of certain specified milestones, measured as of the fourth and seventh anniversaries of the Closing Date, on February 6, 2027 and 2030, respectively, the Company is eligible to receive transfers of up to an additional aggregate interest in Vision Bioenergy from Shell, or Contingent Transfers. The basis for recognition and measurement of contingent consideration in deconsolidation is not addressed in ASC 810. The Company has made an accounting policy election to account for these contingent consideration items by analogy to the treatment of property and casualty losses under ASC 610-30, in which anticipated insurance recoveries are limited to the lesser of (1) the amount of proceeds for which the likelihood of receipt is probable or (2) the total loss recognized. Under this approach, if the consideration received in the deconsolidation, excluding the contingent consideration, is greater than the carrying amount of the deconsolidated net assets, no contingent consideration would be recognized initially. Since the consideration received by the Company in sale of the interest in Vision Bioenergy to Shell was greater than the carrying value of the assets deconsolidated, no contingent consideration was recorded by the Company. Subsequent recognition and measurement of the contingent consideration will be made using the gain contingency model set forth in ASC 450-30. 

 Although no contingent assets were recorded by the Company, the Contingent Transfers were a material part of the Purchase Agreement negotiated by the parties and therefore were included in the valuation of Shell s investment of Vision Bioenergy. The fair value of the Contingent Transfers was determined to be million based on Monte Carlo analysis of management projections of free cash flows. The aggregate total value of the Shell s payments to the Company and cash contributions to Vision Bioenergy on the Closing Date, the present value of Shell s future cash payments and contributions, and the fair market values of the 

 73 

million. For this investment, Shell received a interest in Vision Bioenergy, while the Company retained a interest. Prior to the closing of the Purchase Agreement, the Vision Bioenergy subsidiary of the Company held production and other property, rights to certain proprietary seed varieties and other trade secrets, and an experienced workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform a process on the inputs that could generate an output, that meet the definition of a business as defined by ASC 805-10. Accordingly, the transfer of the interest in Vision Bioenergy to Shell was accounted for as a sale of a business under ASC 805. Concurrent with the sale of the interest, Vision Bioenergy was deconsolidated from the Company s books, and the retained interest was recorded as an investment. Shell s million investment for a interest reflected a total valuation of the Vision Bioenergy business of million. The consideration received by the Company for Shell s interest in Vision Bioenergy comprises the million paid to the Company at closing, the retirement of million of Company debt, the million present value of the future payment to the Company at the Closing Date, the million fair market value of the Purchase Option, and the million value of the equity investment, or million in total. The total consideration, less the million carrying value of the Nampa facility assets and inventory contributed by the Company to Vision Bioenergy, resulted in a gain on the sale in the amount of million. The gain is reported as Gain on sale of business interest on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Cash 

Debt retirement 

Notes receivable, net 

Fair value of member purchase option 

Fixed assets and inventory transfer 

() 

Gain on sale of business interest 

Vision Bioenergy s five-member board of directors includes two directors designated by the Company. Through its board representation and of the voting rights, the Company has significant influence in the management of Vision Bioenergy. Accordingly, the Company s investment is accounted for using the equity method and reported within Equity method investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes its proportionate share of the reported earnings or losses of Vision Bioenergy through net income and as an adjustment to the investment balance. This proportionate share is subject to adjustments, such as for the elimination of intra-entity (intercompany) gains or losses or amortization of basis differences. Vision Bioenergy is a pass-through entity for income tax purposes, with income or loss distributed to the partners. The fair market values of the assets contributed to Vision Bioenergy by the Company at the Closing Date were determined by third-party market appraisals. The Nampa Facilities and other property with an aggregate carrying amount of million were valued at million. Rights established under a product uptake agreement with Shell and rights to certain proprietary seed technology with no carrying value on the Company's books, were initially valued at million. These intangible assets were recorded on Vision Bioenergy's opening balance sheets and will be amortized through the end of their useful life. The net book value of these assets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. The total gain on the sale of the Vision Bioenergy interest recognized by the Company included million related to the remeasurement of the retained investment in Vision Bioenergy to its fair value. On the Closing Date, the Company's proportionate share of Vision Bioenergy s equity was million, calculated from the total valuation of the Vision Bioenergy business of million. Of this, the Company s equity share of Vision Bioenergy s net identifiable assets was million. The million difference between the carrying amount of the equity method investment and the Company s share of the net identifiable assets represented equity method goodwill. The equity method goodwill will not be subject to amortization but will be assessed for impairment if there are indicators present, or when certain triggering events occur, using fair value measurement techniques. Effective February 6, 2023, the Company entered into a service-level agreement, or SLA, with Vision Bioenergy. Pursuant to the SLA, the Company is to provide Vision Bioenergy with services for various functions, including Human Resources, Finance, Accounting, Information Technology, Research, Engineering, and Sales Marketing. 

 74 

million in service revenue related to this agreement. Concurrent with the SLA, the Company entered into a one-year service agreement with Vision Bioenergy, for which Vision Bioenergy will provide the Company with grain processing services at its Nampa, Idaho facility. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company paid million to Vision Bioenergy for services per this agreement. On February 14, 2024, Vision Bioenergy announced it had been granted a global license to certain proprietary varieties of camelina for the production of feedstock oil for biofuels from Yield10 BioScience, Inc., or Yield10, a leader in the development of elite camelina, including herbicide tolerant varieties such as glufosinate tolerant camelina. In consideration for the three-year exclusive license to commercialize the licensed traits and varieties for use in biofuels, amongst other items, Vision Bioenergy paid million to Yield10. Yield10 is supplying Vision Bioenergy certain camelina varieties, including varieties exhibiting herbicide tolerance to spray application of broadleaf herbicide glufosinate. 

Other current assets 

Fixed assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The summarized unaudited income statement presented below reflects the financial information of Vision Bioenergy for the year ended June 30, 2024 and the period from February 6, 2023 (inception) through June 30, 2023: 

Year Ended June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Period from February 6, 2023 (Inception) through June 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Revenue 

Gross loss 

() 

() 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Trigall Australia Partnership On December 23, 2022, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, or S W Australia, entered into a partnership with Trigall Genetics S.A., or Trigall, for the development and marketing of wheat varieties in Australia. Under the terms of the partnership agreement, S W Australia transferred certain intellectual property license rights and equipment into a wholly owned subsidiary and subsequently sold an interest in the subsidiary to Trigall. The subsidiary was renamed Trigall Australia Pty Ltd, or Trigall Australia. In return, S W Australia received million in cash, a million promissory note that was subsequently paid in January 2024, and retained a ownership interest in Trigall Australia. The million investment by Trigall for an interest in Trigall Australia implied a million valuation. S W Australia s retained interest, valued accordingly at million on December 23, 2022, was reported as Equity method investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management determined that the assets transferred to Trigall Australia did not meet the definition of a business for accounting purposes, and the sale was accounted for as an asset sale. The million valuation, less the million carrying value of assets contributed, resulted in a million gain on the sale in fiscal 2023. The gain was 

 75 

million in capital contributions to Trigall Australia through June 2025, and agreed to provide certain marketing, collection and other operational services in support of the partnership. For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made million and million, respectively, in capital contributions. On April 29, 2024, S W Australia entered into an agreement with Trigall to sell its remaining ownership interest in Trigall Australia. In exchange for S W Australia s remaining ownership interest, S W Australia received million. This transaction resulted in the Company recording a million loss on the sale of this equity method investment. S W Australia also received million in exchange for certain fixed assets owned by S W Australia. 

Trigall Australia 

Total equity method investments 

Equity in loss of equity method investment 

() 

() 

Capital contributions 

Currency translation adjustment 

() 

Carrying amount at June 30, 2023 

Carrying amount at June 30, 2023 

Equity in loss of equity method investment 

() 

() 

Capital contributions 

Sale of business interest 

() 

Currency translation adjustment 

() 

Carrying amount at June 30, 2024 

76 

National Australia Bank Limited 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total current portion of working capital lines of credit, net 

Total working capital lines of credit, net 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Finance leases 

Term loan - National Australia Bank Limited 

Machinery equipment loans - National Australia Bank Limited 

Machinery equipment loans - Hyster 

Vehicle loans - Ford Credit 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total current portion, net 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Finance leases 

Machinery equipment loans - Hyster 

Vehicle loans - Ford Credit 

Secured real estate note - AgAmerica 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total long-term portion, net 

Total debt, net 

CIBC Loan Agreement On , the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, or the Loan Agreement, with CIBC, which originally provided for a million credit facility, or the CIBC Credit Facility. The Loan Agreement was subsequently restated and amended on several occasions, including on March 22, 2023, when the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, with CIBC. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement was amended as follows: On September 25, 2023, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, or the First Amendment, which amended the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, by and among the Company, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The First Amendment, among other things, (i) waived certain events of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, (ii) eliminated the minimum adjusted EBITDA and fixed charge coverage ratio covenants for the period ending June 30, 2024, (iii) increased the applicable interest rate margin on advances under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement by per annum (i.e. from to per annum), and (iv) added a fee of million payable by the Company to CIBC on the date of the First Amendment; and 

 On May 13, 2024, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, or the Second Amendment, with CIBC, which amended the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The Second Amendment, among other things, (i) waived certain events of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement and (ii) added a fee of million payable by the Company to CIBC on the date of the Second Amendment. 

77 

million credit facility from February 1 to October 31 of each year and up to a million credit facility from November 1 to January 31 of each year. 

 Advances under the Amended CIBC Credit Facility are to be used: (i) to finance the Company s ongoing working capital requirements; and (ii) for general corporate purposes. 

 of eligible domestic accounts receivable of eligible foreign accounts receivable) plus up to the lesser of (i) of eligible inventory, (ii) of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory , and (iii) an eligible inventory sublimit as more fully set forth in the Loan Agreement, in each case, subject to lender reserves. 

 Advances bear interest at a rate per annum equal to a reference rate equal to CIBC's prime rate at any time (or, if greater, the federal funds rate at such time plus plus an applicable margin of . The interest rate was as of June 30, 2024. Additionally, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, CIBC may elect to increase the existing interest rate on all of the Company's outstanding obligations by per annum. 

 The Amended CIBC Credit Facility is secured by a first priority perfected security interest in substantially all of the Borrowers assets (subject to certain exceptions), including intellectual property. 

 The Amended CIBC Loan Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations with respect to debt, liens, fundamental changes, asset sales, restricted payments, investments and transactions with affiliates, subject to certain exceptions. The CIBC Loan Agreement restricts the payment of dividends. Amounts due under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement may be accelerated upon an event of default, as defined in the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, such as failure to pay amounts owed thereunder when due, breach of a covenant, material inaccuracy of a representation, or occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency, subject in some cases to cure periods. 

 The maturity date is August 31, 2024, at which point the entire unpaid balance of each line and all other noncontingent obligations shall be immediately due. 

 The Amended CIBC Loan Agreement was further amended on July 3, 2024 and October 31, 2024, which, among other things, extended the maturity date to and (or November 30, 2024 if the Company delivers to CIBC by November 8, 2024 an amended letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP, extending letter of credit to December 31, 2024), respectively. For further details on these amendments, refer to Note 18. The Company had no debt covenants requiring review as of June 30, 2024 per the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement; however, the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement does include a cross-default provision that is triggered by an event of default under the Company's debt facilities with NAB. As of June 30, 2024, there was approximately million of unused availability on the Amended CIBC Credit Facility, which had an available borrowing base of million. Australian Facilities S W Australia has debt facilities with NAB. The financing agreement with NAB, or the NAB Finance Agreement, which provides a term loan, a master asset finance facility, and a seasonal credit facility that includes a borrowing base line and an overdraft facility used to finance the purchase of seed inventory from growers. The NAB Finance Agreement was amended and restated effective November 17, 2023. Pursuant to the amendments contained in the NAB Finance Agreement, among other things: the borrowing base line credit limit under S W Australia s seasonal credit facility was decreased from AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024) to AUD million (USD million 

78 

. The interest rate for a drawing denominated in a foreign currency is fixed at the time of drawing and will be the foreign currency fixed lending rate plus a customer margin of per annum (previously per annum); 

 the overdraft credit limit under S W Australia s seasonal credit facility was increased from AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024) to AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024), and the maturity date was extended to . Effective March 19, 2024, NAB provided a temporary extension for this facility to ; and 

 the maturity date of S W Australia s master asset finance facility was extended to . Effective March 19, 2024, NAB provided a temporary extension for this facility to . 

 S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration on July 24, 2024 based on its determination that it was likely to become insolvent. This event triggered an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under the NAB Finance Agreement. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. Refer to Note 18 for additional details on this subsequent event. 

 As amended, the consolidated debt facilities under the NAB Finance Agreement provide for up to an aggregate of AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024) of credit and is guaranteed by S W Seed Company up to a maximum of AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024). The financing facilities include the following elements as of June 30, 2024: A Seasonal Credit Facility comprised of two facility lines: (i) a borrowing base line having a credit limit of AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024) and (ii) an Overdraft Facility having a credit limit of AUD million (USD million at June 30, 2024). The interest rate for a drawing denominated in a foreign currency is fixed at the time of drawing and will be the foreign currency fixed lending rate plus a customer margin of per annum. As of June 30, 2024, the borrowing base line accrued interest on Australian dollar drawings at per annum calculated daily. The Overdraft Facility permits S W Australia to borrow funds on a revolving line of credit up to the credit limit. Interest accrues daily and is calculated by applying the daily interest rate to the balance owing at the end of the day and is payable monthly in arrears. As of June 30, 2024, the Overdraft Facility accrued interest at per annum calculated daily. The Seasonal Credit Facility is secured by a fixed and floating lien over all the present and future rights, property, and undertakings of S W Australia. As of June 30, 2024, approximately AUD million (USD million) remained available for use under the NAB Finance Agreement, which had an available borrowing base, including the overdraft, of AUD million (USD million). 

 A flexible rate loan, or the Term Loan, in the amount of AUD million (USD million at June 30, 2023). Required annual principal payments of AUD million on the Term Loan commenced in May 2023, with the remainder of any unpaid balance becoming due on . As such, the outstanding balance as of June 30, 2024 was AUD million (USD million at June 30, 2024). . The interest rate as of June 30, 2024 for this was . The Term Loan is secured by a lien on all the present and future rights, property and undertakings of S W Australia. 

 S W Australia finances certain equipment purchases under a master asset finance facility with NAB. Equipment loans under the master asset finance facility have various maturity dates through , which have interest rates ranging from to . The total credit limit under the facility is AUD million (USD million at June 30, 2024). As of June 30, 2024, AUD million (USD million) was outstanding under S W Australia s master asset finance facility. 

 The November 2023 amendments to the NAB Finance Agreement contain multiple financial covenants that S W Australia was required to be in compliance with as of June 30, 2024. S W Australia failed to meet one of these covenants as of June 30, 2024 and has not obtained a waiver from NAB for such non-compliance, as S W Australia is currently under voluntary administration and not under the Company's control. 

 79 

million, or the AgAmerica Term Loan, to the Company and, as security therefor, the Company granted to AgAmerica a mortgage on approximately acres of land located in Lubbock and Moore Counties, Texas, and certain personal property thereon. The AgAmerica Term Loan is evidenced by a Promissory Note, or the AgAmerica Note, issued by the Company to AgAmerica, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay AgAmerica the principal sum of million, plus any outstanding accrued interest thereon, in full on , unless otherwise accelerated in accordance with the terms of the AgAmerica Loan Agreement and the AgAmerica Note. Interest will accrue at a rate per annum equal to plus the Term SOFR Rate , defined as the forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate, or SOFR, computed based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by a 360-day year. The annual interest rate as of June 30, 2024 was . Interest payments are due quarterly in arrears, commencing on June 20, 2023, and on the last day of each quarter thereafter, unless otherwise accelerated in accordance with the terms of the AgAmerica Loan Agreement or the AgAmerica Note. AgAmerica may collect a late charge of of any installment of principal or interest which is not paid within days of the due date thereof. In addition, any delinquent principal and installments of interest not paid within days of the due date thereof will bear interest beginning on the 31st day from the applicable due date at a rate equal to per annum above the interest rate. The Company may prepay the AgAmerica Term Loan prior to maturity, subject to a prepayment premium equal to of the prepaid principal amount, subject to certain exceptions. The AgAmerica Loan Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, events of default, and affirmative and negative covenants, including (among others) limitations with respect to liens, fundamental changes, asset sales and formation and acquisition of subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, and subject to certain cure periods, AgAmerica may declare all outstanding obligations immediately due and payable and take such other actions as set forth in the AgAmerica Loan Agreement and the AgAmerica Note, as applicable, provided that in the event of bankruptcy, all such amounts shall automatically become due and payable. Due to the delayed filing of this Form 10-K, the Company was not in compliance with the reporting requirements per the AgAmerica Loan Agreement; however, a waiver was received from AgAmerica for such non-compliance, executed on November 1, 2024. Rooster Note In November 2017, the Comp any entered into a secured note financing transaction, or the Loan Transaction, with Conterra Agricultural Capital, LLC, or Conterra, for million in gross proceeds. Pursuant to the Loan Transaction, the Company issued secured notes to Conterra in the principal amounts of million, which was repaid in full in fiscal 2019. The Company also issued to Conterra a secured note of million, which was subsequently endorsed to Rooster Capital LLC, or the Rooster Note. The Rooster Note bore interest at per annum and was secured by a first priority security interest in the property, plant and fixtures located at the Company's Nampa, Idaho produc tion and research facilities. Through June 30, 2021, the Company made payments in reduction of the principal balance totaling approximately million, and further principal payments of million and million during the year ended June 30, 2022 and the six months ended December 31, 2022, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Rooster Note was amended to increase the interest rate on the Rooster Note from to per annum and extend the maturity date of the Rooster Note from to . On February 6, 2023, Shell paid off the approximately million of outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Rooster Note in connection with the Vision Bioenergy partnership (see Note 7). MFP Loan Agreement On September 22, 2022, the Company s largest stockholder, MFP Partners, L.P., or MFP, provided a letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP, with an initial face amount of million, or the MFP Letter of Credit, for the benefit of CIBC, as additional collateral to support the Company s obligations under the CIBC Loan Agreement. The MFP Letter of Credit initially matured on , one month after the maturity date of the existing CIBC Loan Agreement. Concurrently, on September 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, or the MFP Loan Agreement, with MFP, pursuant to which any 

 80 

million of term loan advances. Concurrent with the October 28, 2022 amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement (as described above), MFP amended the MFP Letter of Credit to increase the face amount from million to million, and the MFP Loan Agreement was amended to increase the maximum amount of term loan advances available to the Company from million to million. In connection with the December 23, 2022 amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement, MFP amended the MFP Letter of Credit, extending the maturity date from to . In connection with the Company s entry into the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, the MFP Letter of Credit was further amended to increase the maximum amount of term loan advances to million and extend the maturity date to . As detailed further in Note 18, the MFP Letter of Credit maturity date was extended to and the MFP Loan Agreement was extended to . On October 31, 2024, the MFP Letter of Credit was further extended to . See Note 18 for further details. Pursuant to the MFP Loan Agreement, the Company initially accrued a cash fee to be paid to MFP equal to per annum on all amounts remaining undrawn under the MFP Letter of Credit. In the event any term advances are deemed made under the MFP Loan Agreement, such advances will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to term SOFR (with a floor of plus , of which will be payable in cash on the last day of each fiscal quarter and of which will accrue as payment in kind interest payable on the maturity date, unless, with respect to any quarterly payment date, the Company elects to pay such interest in cash. As amended in the Third Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP, the cash fee payable to MFP on all amounts remaining undrawn under the MFP Letter of Credit increased from to per annum. As of June 30, 2024, amounts were outstanding. The MFP Loan Agreement, as amended, includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default and is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets and is subordinated to the CIBC Loan Agreement. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, MFP may declare all outstanding obligations under the MFP Loan Agreement immediately due and payable and take such other actions as set forth in the MFP Loan Agreement. Maturities of Long-Term Debt 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

Foreign 

() 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

81 

Foreign 

() 

Total current provision 

Deferred: 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred provision 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

State (benefit) taxes, net of federal (benefit) tax 

() 

Estimated GILTI inclusion 

Federal and state research credits - current year 

Other permanent differences 

() 

() 

Foreign rate differential 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

Transfer pricing adjustments 

Stock compensation 

Equity method investments 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Allowance for credit losses 

Goodwill 

Lease liabilities 

Interest expense carryforwards 

Other, net 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

ROU lease assets 

() 

() 

Equity method investments 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Fixed assets 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

The Company recognizes federal and state current tax liabilities or assets based on its estimate of taxes payable to or refundable from tax authorities in the current fiscal year. The Company also recognizes federal and state deferred tax liabilities or assets based on the Company s estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences 

 82 

million for the year ended June 30, 2024, related primarily to the tax losses generated in the current year. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryovers of approximately million and million, respectively. Federal net operating losses generated after June 30, 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely, which represented million of this total. The remaining balance will begin to expire , unless utilized. Additionally, the Company has Australian net operating loss carryovers of million, that can be carried forward indefinitely. The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, generally imposes an annual limitation on a corporation's ability to utilize net operating loss carryovers, or NOLs, if it experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than over a period. In the event that an ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of the Company s NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 as determined by multiplying the value of the Company s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years. The Company could experience an ownership change under Section 382 as a result of events in the past in combination with events in the future. If so, the use of the Company s NOLs, or a portion thereof, against future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382, which may result in expiration of a portion of the NOLs before utilization. To the extent our use of net operating loss carryforwards is significantly limited under the rules of Section 382, our income could be subject to U.S. corporate income tax earlier than it would if we were able to use net operating loss carryforwards, which could result in lower profits. Any carryforwards that expire prior to utilization as a result of such limitations will be removed, if applicable, from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. As of June 30, 2024, million of our Fe deral net operating losses are subject to annual limitations under Section 382. The Company has federal research credits of million which will begin to expire , unless utilized. As of June 30, 2024, the Company has Australian non-refundable research and development credits of million that can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also has foreign tax credits of million which began expiring on . The Company has state research credits of that do not expire. In addition, the Company has million of Section 163(j) interest limitation carryovers as of June 30, 2024 that can be carried forward indefinitely. million of Australia thin capitalization interest limitation carryforward will begin to expire and million of Australia capital loss carryforward that can be carried forward indefinitely. As of June 30, 2024, the Company has not provided for foreign withholding and deferred income taxes on approximately million of undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries, as these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outs ide of the United States. A determination of the unrecognized deferred taxes is not practicable. The Company does not plan to repatriate any earnings that are currently located in its foreign subsidiaries as of June 30, 2024. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. The Company regularly assesses the potential outcome of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. 

 83 

Other 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The Compan y has approximately million of unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions as of June 30, 2024. Included in the unrecognized tax benefits was approximately million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce our annual effective tax rate, if the Company were not in a valuation allowance position. However, due to the valuation allowance in the United States, there wo uld be no impact to the annual effective tax rate if the tax benefits were recognized. The Company's policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. The Company has t accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as of Ju ne 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company does t expect its unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. 

 million at June 30, 2024 and their maturities range from July 2024 to September 2024 . The Company records an asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts. The foreign currency contract liabilities totaled million and million as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded a gain on foreign exchange contracts of million and million for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are reflected in Cost of revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company's accounting policies for foreign currency contracts and options are found in Note 2 under the section titled " Derivative Financial Instruments." 

 million in growers payables, all of which is associated with its alfalfa crop harvest. Payments were scheduled for the first two quarters of fiscal 2025; however, after S W Australia entered into voluntary administration on July 25, 2024, the timing and amount of these payments is uncertain. Contingencies Based on information currently available, management is not aware of any other matters that would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Legal Matters The Company may be subject to various legal proceedings from time to time. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the 

 84 

million through B. Riley as its sales agent. The Company agreed to pay B. Riley a commission of of the gross proceeds of the sales price per share of any common stock sold through B. Riley under the ATM Agreement. Subsequent amendments occurred, latest being on May 17, 2022, increasing the aggregate offering price to million. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million from the sale of shares of its common stock pursuant t o the ATM Agreement. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had million remaining available to sell under the ATM Agreement. For the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company did t sell any shares of its common stock pursuant to the ATM Agreement. The shares of common stock issuable under the ATM Agreement were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File 333-248974), which ceased to be effective on November 2, 2023. The Company elected to not renew the ATM agreement. MFP Warrants On September 22 , 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, or the MFP Loan Agreement, with MFP, pursuant to which any draw CIBC may make on the MFP Letter of Credit will be deemed to be a term loan advance made by MFP to the Company (see Note 8). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the MFP Loan Agreement and subsequent amendments on October 28, 2022, December 22, 2022 and March 22, 2023, warrants to purchase a total of shares of the Company s common stock were issued to MFP in fiscal 2023. All warrants will expire from the date of issuance and have exercise prices ranging from - per share. The stated purchase prices of all of the MFP Warrants are subject to adjustment in connection with any stock dividends and splits, distributions with respect to common stock and certain fundamental transactions as described in the MFP Warrant. The MFP Warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton model as of the respective issue dates and recorded as financial commitment assets within Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The MFP Warrants financial commitment assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period from their initial issue dates through the end of the related MFP Letter of Credit c ommitment periods. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, an aggregate value of million and million was capitalized, respectively, of which, million and million, respecti vely, was amortized as interest expense. MFP is the Company s largest shareholder and a related party. One of the Company s directors, Alexander C. Matina, was Portfolio Manager of MFP Investors LLC, the general partner of MFP, until December 31, 2023, at which point he transitioned to an advisor role for MFP Investors LLC. Mr. Matina continues to serve on the Company's board of directors, or the Board. 

85 

shares. In September 2013 and December 2013, the Board and the Company's stockholders, respectively, approved the amendment and restatement of the 2009 Plan, including an increase in the number of shares available for issuance as grants and awards under the Plan to shares. In September 2015 and December 2015, the Board and the Company's stockholders, respectively, approved the amendment and restatement of the 2009 Plan, including an increase in the number of shares available for issuance as grants and awards under the Plan to shares. In December 2018 and January 2019, the Board and the Company's stockholders, respectively, approved the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2019 Plan, as a successor to and continuation of the 2009 Plan. In October 2020 and December 2020, the Board and the Company's stockholders approved, respectively, the amendment to the 2019 Plan to increase the number of shares available for issues as grants and awards by shares. Subject to adjustment for certain changes in the Company's capitalization, the aggregate number of shares of the Company's common stock that may be issued under the 2019 Plan, as amended, will not exceed shares, which is the sum of (i) new shares, (ii) additional shares that were reserved as of the effective date of the 2019 Plan, (iii) shares (the number of unallocated shares that were available for grant under the 2009 Plan as of January 16, 2019, the effective date of the 2019 Plan), plus (iv) shares, which is the number of shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the 2009 Plan that on or after the effective date of the 2019 Plan may expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise or settlement, are forfeited bec ause of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares or otherwise return to us, or are reacquired, withheld or not issued to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award or to satisfy the purchase price or exercise price of a stock award. The term of incentive stock options granted under the Company s equity incentive plans may not exceed , or for incentive stock options granted to an optionee owning more than 10 of the Company's voting stock. The exercise price of options granted under the Company s equity incentive plans must be equal to or greater than the fair market value of the shares of the common stock on the date the option is granted. An incentive stock option granted to an optionee owning more than of voting stock must have an exercise price equal to or greater than of the fair market value of the common stock on the date the option is granted. The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Stock options issued to non-employees are accounted for at their estimated fair value. The fair value of options granted to non-employees is re-measured as they vest. The Company amortizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company utilizes a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, which includes assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, life of the award, volatility of the Company's common stock and estimated forfeiture rates to estimate the fair value of employee option grants. - 

- 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 
 
 - 

- 

Forfeiture rate 

Stock Options During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company granted options to its directors, certain members of the executive management team and other employees at exercise prices ranging from - per share. These options vest in either quarterly or annual periods over one to , and expire fr om the date of grant. 

 86 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Canceled/forfeited/expired 

() 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Granted 

Canceled/forfeited/expired 

() 

Outstanding at June 30, 2024 

Options vested and exercisable at June 30, 2024 

Options vested and expected to vest at June 30, 2024 

The weighted average grant date fa ir value of options granted and outstanding at June 30, 2024 was per share. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized stock compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to the options under the S W Seed Company 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and the S W Seed Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2019 Plan, which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining service period of years. The Company settles employee stock option exercises with newly issued shares of common stock. Restricted Stock Units During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued and restricted stock units to its directors, certain members of the executive management team, and other employees. The restricted stock units have varying vesting periods ranging from immediate vesting to quarterly or annual installments over one to . The fair value of the awards during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively, and was based on the closing stock price on the date of grants. The Company recorded million and million of stock-based compensation expense associated with grants of restricted stock units during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested restricted units outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Nonvested restricted units outstanding at June 30, 2024 

As of June 30, 2024, the Com pany had million of unrecognized stock compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to the restricted stock units, which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining service period of years. As of June 30, 2024, there were shares available under the 2019 Plan for future grants and awards. Stock-based compensation expense recorded for stock options, restricted stock grants and restricted stock units for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled million and million, respectively. This is all recorded to Selling, general, and administrative expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 87 

shares of its Series B Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock, par value per share, or the Series B Preferred Stock, and an accompanying warrant, or the Warrant, to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, or the Common Stock, par value per share, at a combined unit price of per share, or the Stated Value, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million. The Warrant first becomes exercisable on the date that is six months after the date of issuance, at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment in connection with any stock dividends and splits, distributions with respect to Common Stock and certain fundamental transactions as described in the Warrant) and will expire five years from the date it first becomes exercisable. The Series B Preferred Stock is initially convertible into shares of Common Stock at the rate of shares of common stock per share of Series B Preferred Stock, at any time at the option of the holder of such shares, subject to the following limitations: (i) unless a holder was a stockholder of the Company as of February 18, 2022 (in which case such limitation shall not apply), the Company shall not effect any conversion of Series B Preferred Stock to the extent that, after giving effect to an attempted conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own a number of shares of Common Stock in excess of of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of such shares, which limit may be decreased or increased (not to exceed upon written notice to the Company, with any increase not becoming effective until at least 61 days after such notice; (ii) a holder may not acquire shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock if such conversion would result in the total number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of the securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to exceed shares, or of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date of the Purchase Agreement; and (iii) to the extent Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c) is applicable or deemed applicable to a holder, such holder may not acquire shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock that would exceed the maximum nu mber of all shares of Common Stock that could be issued by the Company to such holder without requiring stockholder approval pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c). Upon receiving shareholder approval of a proposal to be submitted to the shareholders of the Company for the purpose of approving the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635(a), (c) and (d), the foregoing limitations in (ii) and (iii) above shall no longer have any force or effect. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit the approval of its shareholders for the issuance of all shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, or the Requisite Approval, at the next annual meeting of the Company s shareholders, and at each annual meeting of shareholders thereafter, if necessary, until the Requisite Approval is obtained. The Company obtained approval at its annual meeting of stockholders that occurred on December 13, 2023. A holder of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on the last day of March and September of each calendar year. In lieu of paying such cash dividends, the Company may elect to add an amount to the Stated Value, provided that the dividend rate shall be per annum, calculated semi-annually in arrears on the last day of March and September of each calendar year. A holder of Series B Preferred Stock is also entitled to receive any dividend declared and paid to holders of the Common Stock as if such Series B Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock. In addition, a holder of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation preference equal to the greater of (i) the Stated Value, plus any cash dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, and (ii) the payment such holder would have received had the Series B Preferred Stock been converted into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such liquidation event. Unless prohibited by Nevada law governing distributions to stockholders, the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable, at any time after August 18, 2025, upon written request from the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, at a price equal to the Stated Value, plus any cash dividends accrued but unpaid thereon. Since the holder has the option to redeem their shares of Series B Preferred Stock at any time after August 18, 2025, the stock is considered contingently redeemable and, accordingly, is classified as temporary equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. Over the initial -month term the million rel ative fair value of the Series B Preferred Stock will be accreted to its redemption value of million. As of June 30, 

 88 

million accretion of discount for warrants. Dividends will be accrued and recognized through retained earnings. As of June 30, 2024, million in d ividends has been accrued. 

Dividends accrued 

Accretion of discount for warrants 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Dividends accrued 

Accretion of discount for warrants 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

of employee contributions, up to of eligible compensation. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Total 

Consideration received from Shell for equity interest in Vision Bioenergy: 

Settlement of long-term debt principal, interest and other related costs 

Note receivable 

Membership purchase option 

Contribution of property, plant and equipment and inventory to Vision Bioenergy for equity interest 

() 

Contribution of intangible assets to Trigall in exchange for equity investment and promissory note 

() 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Warrants issued for financial commitment asset 

Dividends accrued for participating securities 

Accretion of discount for Series B preferred stock warrants 

89 

operating segments, each its own reportable segment, are Americas, International, and AUSDOM. Americas : Consists of operations in the United States that results in sales across North and South America. Sales in the Americas segment is largely made up of sorghum and alfalfa products. International : Consists of operations in Australia and the United States that results in sales to countries not covered in the other two segments. Sales in the International segment is largely alfalfa products in addition to some sorghum and sunflower products. A large concentration of these sales went to the Middle East and North Africa region. AUSDOM : Consists of operations in Australia that are related to the Australian domestic business. Sales in the AUSDOM segment is predominantly made up of pastures, alfalfa and sorghum products. As presented in the table below, Other consists of unallocated corporate expenses and other business activities. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those used in the Consolidated Financial Statements, as discussed in Note 2. 

International 

AUSDOM 

Revenue 

Gross profit 

Americas 

International 

AUSDOM 

Other 

() 

Gross Profit 

The Company does not allocate Other (income) expense, Equity in loss of equity method investees, net of tax, or Assets by segment as these are not provided to its Chief Operating Decision Maker. 

 to , or the Maturity Date; 

90 

million from July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024, (ii) million from August 1, 2024 through September 1, 2024, (iii) million from September 2, 2024 through September 15, 2024, (iv) million from September 16, 2024 through October 9, 2024, and (v) million from October 10, 2024 through the Maturity Date; 

 modified the eligible inventory sublimit under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement from million from July 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 to (i) million from July 1, 2024 through July 14, 2024, (ii) million from July 15, 2024 through August 14, 2024, (iii) million from August 15, 2024 through September 15, 2024, (iv) million from September 16, 2024 through September 29, 2024, and (v) million from September 30, 2024 through the Maturity Date; 

 added certain post-closing covenants which, should the Company not comply with the amended terms, shall constitute an immediate event of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement; 

 added a fee of payable by the Company to CIBC on the date of the Third Amendment; 

 added a fee of payable by the Company to CIBC monthly beginning July 1, 2024, and payable only if the eligible inventory sublimit is greater than million; and 

 added a fee of payable by the Company to CIBC on October 1, 2024, and payable only if the Company does not repay the obligations under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement in full by September 30, 2024. 

 Except as modified by the Third Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. As of September 16, 2024, and since then, the revolving loan outstanding under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement (as amended by the Third Amendment) has exceeded the total revolving loan commitment thereunder, which constitutes an event of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement. On September 18, 2024, the Company received a reservation of rights letter from CIBC asserting the existence of such event of default, increasing the interest rate applicable to the loans by per annum (which is the default rate under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement), and reserving CIBC s right to immediately exercise any of CIBC s other rights or remedies under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement as it deems appropriate. As of the date of this filing, CIBC has not accelerated the indebtedness under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement. CIBC Fourth Amendment On October 31, 2024, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with CIBC, or the Fourth Amendment, which amended the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, and CIBC, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger. The Fourth Amendment, effective as of October 31, 2024, among other things: extended the maturity date from to , and, provided that if on or before November 8, 2024, the Company delivers to CIBC an amended letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP, and for the benefit of CIBC, that expires on December 31, 2024 or after, the maturity date of the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement will be automatically extended to November 30, 2024; and 

 provided for a fee of payable by the Company to CIBC on the date of the Fourth Amendment. 

 Except as modified by the Fourth Amendment, all terms and conditions of the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. MFP Fourth Amendment On July 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP, or the MFP Fourth Amendment, amending the MFP Loan Agreement with MFP, to (i) extend the maturity date of the letter of credit to and (ii) extend the maturity date of the MFP Loan Agreement to . Except as modified by the MFP Fourth Amendment, all terms and conditions of the MFP Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

 91 

. Except as modified by the MFP Fifth Amendment, all terms and conditions of the MFP Loan Agreement remain in full force and effect. Ongoing Voluntary Administration Process Involving S W Australia On July 24, 2024, S W Australia adopted a voluntary plan of administration based on its determination that S W Australia is likely to become insolvent within the meaning of section 436A(1) of Australia s Corporations Act 2001. In Australia, voluntary administration is a process whereby an insolvent company is placed in the hands of one or more independent administrators whose role is to investigate the company s affairs, to report to creditors and to recommend to creditors whether the company should enter into a deed of company arrangement, liquidation, or be returned to its board of directors. A voluntary administration involves an investigation of available options to provide a better return to creditors and, if possible, to save the business. A number of factors combined to lead S W Australia to conclude that the voluntary plan of administration was necessary and advisable, including the lack of viable strategic alternatives, Saudi Arabia s recent discontinuation of import permits for alfalfa seed, and the increased risk that S W Australia would be unable to meet its obligations under the NAB Finance Agreement. As a result of the voluntary administration process, the Company currently does not control S W Australia, and on October 11, 2024, creditors of S W Australia approved a proposed Deed of Company Arrangement, pursuant to which, among other things, the outstanding shares of S W Australia would be transferred to a third party. The Company expects that S W Australia will no longer be its subsidiary, or owned or controlled by the Company in any manner, at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process and therefore all of the related business conducted through S W Australia will cease to be included within the scope of its business. As a result, if, as expected, the Company does not regain control of S W Australia at the conclusion of the voluntary administration process, as it will no longer include S W Australia in its consolidated financials. The voluntary administration process is expected to conclude in November 2024. S W Australia had million in total assets, million in total liabilities and million in stockholders' equity as of June 30, 2024. S W Australia's revenue and net loss for the year ended June 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively, which is included in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration constituted an event of default and automatic acceleration of S W Australia s obligations under the NAB Finance Agreement. However, such acceleration is stayed while S W Australia is under voluntary administration. The NAB Finance Agreement is guaranteed by the Company, up to a maximum of AUD million (USD million as of June 30, 2024), or the Parent Guarantee. The Company s obligations under the Parent Guarantee are not subject to a stay in connection with S W Australia s voluntary administration. S W Australia s entry into voluntary administration also constituted an event of default under the Company s Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, as a result of a cross-default provision in the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement that is triggered by the event of default under the NAB Finance Agreement. On August 5, 2024, the Company received a waiver for the Event of Default from CIBC. The waiver stipulates that the occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an immediate event of default under the Amended CIBC Loan Agreement, without notice or demand of any kind: Any notice of default and/or demand for payment is issued by NAB to the Company under the Parent Guarantee; 

 The institution of any legal proceedings by NAB against the Company; and 

 NAB takes any other judicial or non-judicial action under the Parent Guarantee or otherwise against the Company in connection with the Parent Guarantee. 

 In the event that any of the above events occur, the Company must provide immediate written notice to CIBC. The Company is also required to provide written weekly updates, in form and substance satisfactory to CIBC, addressing 

 92 

As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, proportionate adjustments were made to the per share exercise price and/or the number of shares issuable upon the exercise or vesting of all then outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and warrants, which resulted in a proportional decrease in the number of shares of the Company's common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise or vesting of such stock options, restricted stock units and warrants, and, in the case of stock options and warrants, a proportional increase in the exercise price of all such stock options and warrants. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans immediately prior to the Effective Time was reduced proportionately. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders of record were issued one whole share of common stock in exchange for any fractional interest that such stockholder would have otherwise received as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split affected all stockholders of record proportionately and did not affect any stockholder s percentage ownership of the Company s common stock, except to the extent that the Reverse Stock Split resulted in any stockholder owning an additional share. The Company's common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis commencing upon market opening on The Nasdaq Capital Market on October 18, 2024. 

 93 

Item 9.	Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A.	Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, or the Evaluation Date. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of the material weakness described below. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has conducted, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, an assessment, including testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of the Evaluation Date. Management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control Integrated Framework, or 2013 Framework. A material weakness, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. During the year ended June 30, 2024, in connection with the preparation of our annual financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness in internal control over financial reporting relates to having inadequate controls to appropriately analyze all relevant information required for complete and accurate presentation and disclosure under U.S. GAAP. This principally resulted from (1) our failure to effectively evaluate the business information presented to and reviewed by the CODM in making decisions on assessing performance and allocating resources and (2) our failure to disaggregate revenue into appropriate subcategories for footnote disclosure purposes. This material weakness existed during the first three quarters of fiscal 2024 and as of June 30, 2024, and resulted in the segment reporting restatement. As a result, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the Evaluation Date. 
 Remediation Plan for the Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is implementing certain changes in our internal controls as of the filing of this report to address the material weakness to include, among other things, quarterly monitoring of any changes within the Company and the impact on our financial reporting and updating internal policies and internal control procedures to address the material weakness. However, no assurance can be given that these changes will remediate the material weakness until such time that the controls have operated for a sufficient period of time and their operating effectiveness has been tested. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal controls over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 94 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as specified above, there have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) or in other factors that occurred during the period of our evaluation that have significantly affected, or are reasonably likely to significantly affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B.	 
 Departure of Directors 
 With a view towards streamlining our organizational structure, and also reducing related costs, the Board has determined to reduce the authorized number of directors to four, effective as of immediately prior to our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, or the Annual Meeting. To facilitate this reduction, on October 30, 2024, Elizabeth Horton and Mark J. Harvey each delivered irrevocable resignations from their positions on the Board, including each of the Board committees on which they serve, effective as of immediately prior to the Annual Meeting. 
 Item 9C.	 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 95 

PART III 
 Item 10.	Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 General Information About the Board 
 The Board is elected by our stockholders to oversee our business and affairs. In addition, the Board counsels, advises and oversees management in the long-term interests of our company and our stockholders regarding a broad range of subjects including: 
 selecting and evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other senior executives; 

reviewing and approving major financial, strategic and operating decisions and other significant actions; 

overseeing the conduct of our business and the assessment of our business risks to evaluate whether our business is being properly managed; and 

overseeing the processes for maintaining integrity with regard to our financial statements and other public disclosures, and compliance with law and ethical standards. 

Members of the Board monitor and evaluate our business performance through regular communication with our Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management, and by attending Board meetings and Board committee meetings. 
 Our directors are elected in uncontested elections by a majority vote, as described below. In contested director elections, elections whereby the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast, and the nominees receiving the greatest numbers of votes will be elected to serve as directors. 
 To be elected in an uncontested election, a director must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director s election. This means that a director will be elected if the number of votes cast for that director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that nominee s election. Broker non-votes and abstentions will not be counted as votes cast, and, accordingly, will have no effect on the election of directors. 
 In order to be nominated for re-election, any director currently serving on the Board (an Incumbent Director must submit an irrevocable resignation, that would be effective upon the Board s acceptance of such resignation, in the event the director fails to receive the required vote to be re-elected, as described above. 
 If an Incumbent Director fails to receive the required number of votes for re-election in an uncontested election, the Incumbent Director would continue to serve on the Board as a holdover director until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal pursuant to our Bylaws. In that case, however, the Nominating and Governance Committee would consider the conditional resignation described above, and recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation of such Incumbent Director, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will endeavor to act on the recommendation within 90 days following certification of the election results. The Board will promptly disclose its decision whether to accept the Incumbent Director s resignation offer (and its rationale for rejecting the offer, if applicable) in a press release and filing an appropriate disclosure with the SEC. If the Board accepts the resignation, then the Board, in its sole discretion, may, pursuant to our Bylaws, fill any resulting vacancy or may decrease the size of the Board. 
 Nevada corporate law does not require cumulative voting in the election of directors, and neither our Articles nor our Bylaws provide for cumulative voting. 
 Information Regarding the Directors 
 Our Board currently consists of six directors. Our Bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors shall be determined by a resolution of our Board. With a view towards streamlining our organizational structure, and also reducing related costs, our Board has determined to reduce the authorized number of directors to four, effective as of immediately prior to the annual meeting. To facilitate the reduction, Mark Harvey and Elizabeth Horton each delivered irrevocable resignations from their positions on the Board, including the committees on which they serve, effective as of immediately prior to the next annual meeting. 
 96 

The following is a brief biography of each director and a discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of each director that led to the conclusion of our Board to that such person should serve as a director. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with the Company 

Alan D. Willits 
 
 66 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Mark J. Harvey 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Elizabeth Horton 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Alexander C. Matina 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Jeffrey Rona 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Mark W. Wong 
 
 75 
 
 Director 

Alan D. Willits was elected to the Board in 2018 and appointed Chairman of the Board in late 2022. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Willits served in various senior management positions at Cargill Asia Pacific, including as Chairman, where he led Cargill s Agriculture Supply Chain business in the Asia-Pacific region. He was responsible for several businesses within this group, including Cargill s oil palm plantations, trading and merchandising in the Asia-Pacific region, and Cargill s grains and oilseeds supply chain businesses in North Asia, South Asia and Australia. From 2008 to 2014, Mr. Willits served as President of Cargill Corn Milling America, where he oversaw all aspects of the corn processing business. Between 2005 and 2008, Mr. Willits served as President of Cargill Specialty Seed and Oil. Mr. Willits also held various other senior positions with Cargill between 1980 and 2005, during which he managed Cargill s international wheat trading activities in Geneva, Switzerland, its grain business in Argentina and its specialty canola oils business. Mr. Willits received a bachelor s degree from the University of Illinois, College of Agriculture in Agricultural Economics. 
 We believe that Mr. Willits extensive industry experience and agricultural expertise, including his knowledge of the agricultural industry in the Asia-Pacific and other geographic regions, qualify him to serve on the Board. 
 Mark J. Harvey was appointed Chairman of the Board in December 2014 and served in this position until December 2022. Prior to this, Mr. Harvey served as Vice Chairman since April 2013. Mr. Harvey has more than 35 years of experience in production processing and marketing of seed to many parts of the world, particularly branded alfalfa and clover. Mr. Harvey managed a 10,000-acre family farm producing seed, wheat and pulse crops, along with wool and beef, from 1976 until 1996 when the company he founded, Paramount Seeds, was sold to Elders Ltd. While with Elders, he was manager of their national and international seed business from 1996 until 2001. In 2002, he was a founding partner of Seed Genetics International Pty Ltd., which was sold to S W Seed Company in 2013 and renamed to S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd ("S W Australia"). Mr. Harvey focused primarily on marketing and distribution for Seed Genetics International Pty Ltd. Mr. Harvey is a founding investor in and is a currently the vice chairman of Duxton Broad Acre Farms, a publicly traded 420,000 acre farming and ranching operation based in Australia listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. Mr. Harvey has served as a member of the board of directors of Duxton Broad Acres Farms since September 2018. Mr. Harvey was educated at Cunderdin Agricultural College in West Australia. 
 We believe that Mr. Harvey s extensive experience in the seed industry, which contributes valuable business expertise, has qualified him to serve on the Board. 
 Elizabeth Horton has served on the Board since May 2023. Ms. Horton currently serves as Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, of Compeer Financial. Prior to this, she served as our CFO from November 2021 to May 2023, and as CFO of Miller Milling Company, a full-service flour milling company headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with five facilities across the country and over 500 million in annual revenue, from 2018 to 2021. In this position, she oversaw the company s finance transformation and was also responsible for IT and HR. Prior to Miller Milling Company, Ms. Horton spent 20 years at Cargill where she held numerous finance roles of increasing responsibility, including as EMEA Regional Treasurer, EMEA Head Risk Investors Group, Cargill Trade and Structured Finance and, most recently, Financial Planning Analysis Director. She currently serves on the Board of Rahr Corporation, a 175-year old global malt and brewing supply company. Ms. Horton received a B.S. in Accounting and an MBA from the University of Minnesota and is a licensed CPA (inactive) and a CFA Charterholder. 
 We believe Ms. Horton s extensive experience in finance and the agricultural industry has qualified her to serve on the Board. 
 97 

Alexander C. Matina has served on the Board since 2015. In 2007, Mr. Matina became Vice President of MFP Investors, LLC, or MFP, the family office of Michael F. Price, which has a value-investing focus across public and private markets. In 2022, Mr. Matina transitioned to Portfolio Manager for MFP, and served in this role until late 2023, when he moved to an advisor role for MFP. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Matina served in various roles at Balance Asset Management, a multi-strategy hedge fund, and from 2004 to 2005, as a senior associate at Altus Capital Partners, a middle market private equity fund. Prior thereto, he was a principal at 747 Capital, a private equity fund-of-funds, and a financial analyst at Salomon Smith Barney in the financial sponsors group of the investment banking division. Since 2013, he has served on the board of directors (as Chairman) of Trinity Place Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded real estate company. Mr. Matina is also a director of TGI Friday s, a privately held casual dining company. He also serves on the board of directors of Crowheart Energy, a privately held oil and gas company in Wyoming. Mr. Matina has also served as an adjunct professor of finance at Fordham University. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Matina served on the board of directors of Papa Murphy s, a national restaurant chain listed on Nasdaq until the company was acquired and taken private in 2019. Mr. Matina received a bachelor s degree from Fordham University and an M.B.A. from Columbia University. 
 We believe that Mr. Matina s strong finance background, including experience with private equity as well as his experience with other public companies, qualify him to serve on the Board. 
 Jeffrey Rona joined the Board in December 2023. Mr. Rona has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Ovid Therapeutics Inc. Ovid since 2021 and as Chief Business Officer of Ovid since 2020. He is responsible for leading Ovid s capital formation, business development, strategic corporate partnerships and financial reporting. Mr. Rona previously served as the Consulting Chief Financial Officer, beginning in 2019, to assist Ovid with strategic financings. Mr. Rona also worked as a managing director with Danforth Advisors, LLC, a strategic consulting firm for life sciences companies, from 2017 through 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Rona was the Chief Financial Officer for Great Basin Scientific, Inc., a molecular diagnostics company, from 2014 through 2017. Mr. Rona began his career at Coopers Lybrand LLP and UBS Investment Bank, and his over 30 years of experience also includes senior leadership positions with GlobeImmune, Inc., AlgoRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Agenus Inc. (f/k/a Antigenics Inc.). Mr. Rona holds a BS in accounting from Case Western Reserve University. 
 We believe that Mr. Rona s strong finance background, including experience with public companies, qualify him to serve on the Board. 
 Mark W. Wong was elected to the Board in 2014. In 2017, he was appointed to serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer until his retirement in June 2023. He has more than 35 years of experience in agribusiness, with expertise in technology integration and commercialization. Mr. Wong was a founder and, since 2009, has been a partner of Colorado Financial Holdings CFH ), a private venture investment and investment bank that specializes in the agricultural, energy and biotechnology sectors. From 2012 to 2018, Mr. Wong served as Chairman of American Dairyco, operating dairies in Florida and Georgia, which is a venture jointly owned by CFH. Between 2008 and 2015, he served either as Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer of Agrivida, a private company that is developing and commercializing high-performance products that incorporate novel, regulated proteins precisely engineered for specific applications in a variety of markets, including animal nutrition, bio-based fuels and chemicals and industrial enzymes. In 2016, Mr. Wong briefly served as Acting President and Chief Executive Officer of Arcadia Biosciences, Inc., a publicly traded agricultural biotechnology trait company for which he also served on the board from 2006 until 2016. Mr. Wong was the Chief Executive Officer of Renewable Agricultural Energy Corporation, a private ethanol production company, from 2006 to 2007. Prior to that time, was the founder and, from 1999 to 2005, chief executive officer of Emergent Genetics, an international seed biotech company that was sold to Monsanto Company in 2005. Mr. Wong founded and managed a series of other agricultural and biotechnology companies, including Big Stone Partners, Agracetus Corporation, a plant biotechnology company that was sold to Monsanto and Agrigenetics Corporation, a seed and biotechnology company that was sold to Dow Chemical. Mr. Wong also worked as an engineer for FMC Corporation and Chemical Construction Corporation. Mr. Wong served as a director of BioFuel Energy Corp., a publicly traded corn ethanol company, from 2008 until 2014, and Chair from 2010 to 2014, when it was renamed Green Brick Partners following an acquisition and recapitalization transaction. Mr. Wong received a B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering from Lehigh University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. 
 We believe that Mr. Wong s extensive background in the agricultural and energy industries, and his many years of executive leadership experience, qualify him to serve on the Board. 
 Board Diversity 
 98 

The Board Diversity Matrix below provides certain self-identified information regarding the composition of our Board. Each of the categories listed in the below table has the meaning as it is used in Nasdaq Rule 5605(f) and related instructions. 

Board Diversity Matrix (As of October 31, 2024) 

Total Number of Directors: 
 
 6 

Female 
 
 Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 

Part I: Gender Identify 

Directors 
 
 1 
 
 5 

Part II: Demographic Background 

Asian 

1 

White 
 
 1 
 
 4 

Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Our Board currently has four standing committees: an Audit Committee; a Compensation Committee; a Nominating and Governance Committee; and a Finance Committee, each of which meet as needed or advisable. The table below provides membership during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 for each of the standing committees of our Board. The table also includes a count of all meetings that took place for each committee during fiscal 2024. In addition to formal in-person and telephonic meetings, certain of our standing committees took various actions by written consent during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and spent many hours in informal consultation with one another and with management. 

Name 
 
 Audit 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Nominating and Governance 
 
 Finance 

Mark J. Harvey 
 
 X 

X 

Elizabeth Horton 

X 

Alexander C. Matina 

X 

X 

X 

Jeffrey Rona 
 
 X 

X 

Alan D. Willits 
 
 X 

X 

X 

Mark W. Wong 

X 

Total meetings held in fiscal 2024 
 
 6 

0 

4 

3 

Audit Committee 
 As of the date of this filing, the members of the Audit Committee are Jeffrey Rona, Alan D. Willits and Mark J. Harvey, with Mr. Rona serving as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. 
 The Audit Committee was established in accordance with applicable SEC rules to oversee our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of its financial statements. We are required to have an Audit Committee in order to maintain our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our Board has determined that each of the members of our Audit Committee satisfies the requirements for Audit Committee independence and financial literacy under the applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Board has also determined that each of Mr. Rona and Mr. Willits is an audit committee financial expert as defined in SEC rules and satisfies the financial sophistication requirements of Nasdaq. This designation does not impose on Mr. Rona or Mr. Willits any duties, obligations or liabilities that are greater than is generally imposed on them as members of our Audit Committee and our Board. 
 Our Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: 
 selecting, hiring and terminating our independent auditors; 

evaluating the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors; 

approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors; 

overseeing and monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters; 

with management and our independent auditors, reviewing any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results of operations; 

99 

reviewing and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q; and 

providing to the Board information and materials to make the Board aware of significant financial and audit-related matters that require the attention of the Board. 

The Audit Committee acts under a written charter adopted and approved by our Board. A current copy of the charter of our Audit Committee is available on the Investors page on our website located at www.swseedco.com . The information contained on S W's website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
 The following is the report of the Audit Committee with respect to the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2024. The information contained in this report shall not be deemed soliciting material or otherwise considered filed with the SEC, and such information shall not be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference in such filing. 
 The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 with the Company's management. The Audit Committee has discussed with the Company's independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ). 
 The Audit Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from the Company's independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountants communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the accounting firm s independence. 
 Based on the foregoing, the Audit Committee has recommended to our Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Our Board has approved this inclusion. 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 Jeffrey Rona (Chair) 
 Alan D. Willits Mark J. Harvey 
 Compensation Committee 
 As of the date of this filing, the members of our Compensation Committee are Alex C. Matina, Jeffrey Rona, and Alan D. Willits, with Mr. Matina serving as the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. Our Board has determined that each member of our Compensation Committee meets the requirements for independence under Nasdaq Rule 5605(d)(2), the non-employee director definition of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the outside director definition of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Our Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things: 
 overseeing our overall compensation strategy and policies; 

reviewing and approving with respect to our executive officers (or, with respect to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, recommending to the Board for approval): annual base salaries, annual incentive bonuses, equity compensation, employment agreements, severance arrangements and change of control agreements/provisions, signing bonuses or payments of relocation costs and any other benefits, compensation or arrangements; 

reviewing and approving the corporate and individual goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our executive officers; and 

administering our equity compensation plans. 

Our Compensation Committee acts under a written charter adopted and approved by our Board. A current copy of the charter of our Compensation Committee is available on the Investors page on our website located at 
 100 

www.swseedco.com . The information contained on S W's website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Typically, the Compensation Committee meets approximately four times per year and with greater frequency if necessary. The agenda for each meeting is usually developed by the Chairperson of the 
 Compensation Committee, in consultation with the Chairman of the Board. Our Compensation Committee meets regularly in executive session. However, from time to time, other directors and outside advisors or consultants may be invited to participate in Compensation Committee meetings. The Chief Executive Officer may not participate in, or be present during, any deliberations or determinations of our Compensation Committee regarding his or her compensation or individual performance objectives. 
 The charter of our Compensation Committee grants the Compensation Committee full access to all books, records, facilities and personnel of the Company. Our Compensation Committee has the authority to obtain, at our expense, such advice or assistance from consultants, legal counsel, accounting or other advisors as it deems appropriate to perform its duties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, our Compensation Committee may retain or obtain the advice of compensation consulting firms to assist in the performance of its duties and to determine and approve the terms, fees and costs of such engagements. Under its charter, prior to selecting, or receiving advice from, any consultant or advisor, our Compensation Committee is required to consider the independence of such advisor based on any applicable criteria specified by the SEC or Nasdaq, including the independence factors listed in Nasdaq Rule 5605(d)(3). However, our Compensation Committee is not prohibited from obtaining advice from advisors that it determines are not independent. 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 As of the date of this filing, the members of our Nominating and Governance Committee are Alan D. Willits, Mark J. Harvey, and Alex C. Matina, with Mr. Willits as the Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Our Board has determined that each member of our Nominating and Governance Committee meets the requirements for independence under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. 
 The goal of our Nominating and Governance Committee is to ensure that the members of our Board have a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high-quality business and professional experience. Our Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to achieve a balance of knowledge, experience and capability on our Board. To this end, the committee seeks nominees with high professional and personal integrity, an understanding of our business lines and industry, diversity of business experience and expertise, broad-based business acumen and the ability to think strategically. Although neither we nor our Nominating and Governance Committee has a formal policy about diversity in the nominee selection process, our Nominating and Governance Committee charter states that the committee s goal is to develop a diverse and experienced board. In the context of the existing composition and needs of our Board and its committees, our Nominating and Governance Committee considers various factors, including, but not limited to, independence, age, diversity (which, in this context, means race, ethnicity and gender), integrity, skills, financial and other expertise, breadth of experience and knowledge about our business or industry. 
 Although our Nominating and Governance Committee uses these and other criteria to evaluate potential nominees, we have not established any particular minimum criteria for nominees. After its evaluation of potential nominees, including any nomination of a director candidate validly made by a stockholder, the committee submits nominees to our Board for approval. When appropriate, our Nominating and Governance Committee may retain executive recruitment firms to assist in identifying suitable candidates. 
 Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: 
 assisting our Board in identifying prospective director nominees and recommending to our Board the director nominees for each annual meeting of stockholders; 

evaluating the performance of current members of our Board; 

ensuring that our Board is properly constituted to meet its fiduciary obligations as directors and that we follow appropriate governance standards; 

developing principles of corporate governance and recommending them to our Board; 

overseeing compliance by our Board and its committees with applicable laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq; and 

101 

overseeing the evaluation of our Board and recommending compensation of Board members. 

Our Nominating and Governance Committee acts under a written charter adopted and approved by our Board. A current copy of the charter of our Nominating and Governance Committee is available on the Investors page on our website located at www.swseedco.com . The information contained on S W's website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Finance Committee 
 Our Finance Committee provides ad hoc recommendations and guidance to the full Board on issues related to the financing of the Company. As of the date of this filing, the members of our Finance Committee are Alexander C. Matina, Elizabeth Horton, and Mark W. Wong, with Mr. Matina serving as the Chairperson of the Finance Committee. 
 Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 
 In order to promote open discussion among independent directors, our Board has a policy of conducting executive sessions of the independent directors. Our Board holds regular executive sessions of the independent directors at least four times per year in connection with regularly-scheduled Board meetings and holds executive sessions at other times throughout the year as needed or desired. Our non-employee directors may designate a "lead independent director" to preside at each executive session, although it need not be the same director at each session. We believe regularly scheduled executive sessions are important vehicles to encourage open communication. Whether a presiding independent director is selected for each session or not, one of the independent directors present is designated to communicate the results of each executive session to the full Board. 
 Board Meetings and Attendance 
 Our Board met nine times and acted by unanimous written consent seven times in fiscal 2024. Each member of our Board attended or participated in 75 or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number of Board meetings held during the period for which such person had been a director, and (ii) the total number of meetings held by each committee of the Board on which such person served during the periods that such person served. 
 Role of our Board in Risk Oversight 
 Our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. With the oversight of our full Board, members of our senior management are responsible for the day-to-day management of the material risks we face. In its oversight role, our Board has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by our senior management are adequate and functioning as designed. Our Board's involvement in setting our business strategy is a key part of its oversight of risk management, its assessment of management s appetite for risk and its determination of what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for us. Additionally, our Board regularly receives updates from senior management and outside advisors regarding certain risks we face, including various operating risks. Our senior management attends meetings of our Board, and each committee meets with key management personnel and representatives of outside advisors as necessary. Additionally, senior management makes itself available to address any questions or concerns raised by our Board on risk management and any other matters. 
 Our Board and each of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance committees oversee certain aspects of risk management. 

Board/Committee 
 
 Primary Areas of Risk Oversight 

Full Board 
 
 Strategic, financial and execution risks and exposures associated with our business strategy, product innovation and sales road map, policy matters, significant litigation and regulatory exposures and other current matters that may present material risk to our financial performance, operations, infrastructure, plans, prospects or reputation, acquisitions and divestitures 

102 

Audit Committee 
 
 Risks and exposures associated with financial matters, particularly financial reporting, tax, accounting, disclosure, internal control over financial reporting, investment guidelines and credit and liquidity matters, internal investigations and enterprise risks 

Compensation Committee 
 
 Risks and exposures associated with leadership assessment, executive compensation policies and practices and is responsible for establishing and maintaining compensation policies and programs designed to create incentives consistent with our business strategy that do not encourage excessive risk-taking 

Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 Risks and exposures associated with director and senior management succession planning, director independence, corporate governance and overall Board effectiveness 

Additional review or reporting on enterprise risks will be conducted as needed or as requested by our Board or a committee thereof. 
 Stockholder Communications with our Board 
 Stockholders and interested parties who wish to contact our Board, our Chairman, any other individual director, or the non-employee or independent directors as a group, are welcome to do so in writing, addressed to such person(s) in care of our Corporate Secretary. Email correspondence of this nature should be sent to secretary@swseedco.com, and other written correspondence should be addressed to S W Seed Company, 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd., Suite 201, Longmont, Colorado 80501, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 Our Board has adopted a formal process by which stockholders may communicate with the Board or any of its members. These communications will be reviewed by our Corporate Secretary, who will then determine whether the communication is appropriate for presentation to the Board or the relevant director. The purpose of this screening is to avoid the Board having to consider spam, junk mail, mass mailings, customer complaints or inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate or irrelevant material. Our Corporate Secretary will determine whether any response is necessary and may forward certain correspondence, such as customer-related inquiries, elsewhere within our company for review and possible response. Comments or questions regarding our accounting, internal controls or auditing matters will be referred to our Audit Committee. Comments or questions regarding executive compensation will be referred to our Compensation Committee. Comments or questions regarding the nomination of directors and other corporate governance matters will be referred to our Nominating and Governance Committee. 
 Stockholder Recommendations for Director Candidates 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board as disclosed in our previous periodic reports filed with the SEC. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Our Board values effective corporate governance and adherence to high ethical standards. As such, our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is applicable to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our senior executive and financial officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our corporate website located at www.swseedco.com/investors under "Corporate Governance." 
 We will provide our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in print without charge to any stockholder who makes a written request to: S W Seed Company, 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd., Suite 201, Longmont, Colorado 80501, Attention: Corporate Secretary, or by e-mail to secretary@swseedco.com. Any waivers of the application of, and any amendments to, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics must be made by our Board and will be disclosed promptly on our corporate website, www.swseedco.com . 
 Corporate Governance 
 Our Board believes that sound governance practices and policies provide an important framework to assist them in fulfilling their duty to stockholders. Our Board has implemented many best practices in the area of corporate governance, including the establishment of separate Board committees, careful annual review of the independence of our Audit and Compensation Committee members, maintenance of a majority of independent directors, and written expectations of management, among other things. 
 103 

Anti-Hedging Policy 
 Our insider trading policy prohibits our directors, officers, employees and consultants from engaging in short-term or speculative transactions with respect to our securities, including: short sales, trading in 
 options, such as puts, calls and other derivative securities, or in any other inherently speculative transactions; and hedging transactions, such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Standing orders are only permitted for a very brief period of time. Holding our securities in margin accounts and pledges of our securities as collateral for loans are permitted under extreme caution. Under this policy we retain the discretion to re-evaluate our position as to such transactions. 
 Clawback Policy 
 In December 2023, our Board adopted an incentive compensation recoupment policy (the Clawback Policy in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq Rule 5608 that requires the Company to recover excess incentive compensation that was paid to an executive officer based in whole or in part on financial results that were subject to a restatement of the Company s financial statements. The Clawback Policy specifies that following an accounting restatement, the Company must reasonably promptly recoup any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure Incentive Compensation and which exceeds the amount that would have been received had such Incentive Compensation been determined based on the accounting restatement, unless the Compensation Committee determines that such recoupment would be impracticable. The Clawback Policy applies to all Incentive Compensation received during a three-year period preceding a restatement by a person (a) after beginning services as an executive officer, (b) who served as an executive officer at any time during the performance period for the applicable Incentive Compensation and (c) while the Company has securities listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange or association. 
 As discussed in the Explanatory Note, we restated the segment information provided in previously issued financial statements for each of the quarterly periods in the year ended June 30, 2024 due to an error with respect to the number of reporting segments reported in the applicable quarterly reports. None of the compensation paid to executive officers was based on the attainment of a financial reporting measure, therefore there was no incentive compensation that was paid to an executive officer which we would have been required to recoup under our Clawback Policy. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information for our executive officers as of the date of this filing. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Mark J. Herrmann 
 
 63 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Vanessa Baughman 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

Mr. Herrmann has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since July 2023. He previously served as President and Founder of ACUMEN LLC, a Seed Executive Consultant firm, since 2021. Mr. Herrmann is currently on the Advisory Board for EarthSense, Inc., an Agricultural Robotics company based in Champaign, Illinois. He served on the American Seed Trade Association Board from 2009 to 2020, its Executive Board from 2015 to 2020, and as Chairman from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Herrmann also participated on the NCGA Advisory Council AIG from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Herrmann has over 35 years of experience in all aspects of the seed industry. Prior to S W, Mr. Herrmann most recently served as the CEO for AgReliant Genetics LLC, from 2016 to 2020. Headquartered in Westfield, Indiana, AgReliant Genetics LLC is an innovative seed company committed to delivering high quality seed, providing exceptional service and creating consistent customer value. Created in 2000 as a joint venture between the international seed groups KWS and Limagrain, AgReliant Genetics LLC is ranked as one of the largest field seed companies in North America. AgReliant Genetics LLC markets corn, soybean, sorghum and alfalfa seed through three brands: AgriGold , LG Seeds , and PRIDE Seeds . Prior to AgReliant Genetics LLC, Mr. Herrmann spent 15 years with Monsanto in numerous roles, including; Vice President North America Vegetable Seed from 2011 to 2016, Vice President Technology Development and Licensing from 2009 to 2011, President of Corn States LLC from 2005 to 2009, Director Eastern US from 2003 to 2005 and Director Monsanto US Seed and Trait Business from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Herrmann joined Monsanto through the acquisition of DEKALB Genetics Corporation in 1998, where he started in the seed business in 1984 as a Sales Manager and over his time with DEKALB Genetics, had the opportunity to provide leadership in various roles and geographies across Sales, 
 104 

Marketing and Product Management. Mr. Herrmann was born and raised in Northern Illinois and holds a BS in Agronomy from Western Illinois University. 
 Ms. Baughman joined S W as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary in May 2023. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance of AgReliant Genetics, LLC, the largest North American company focused solely on seed, headquartered in Westfield, Indiana, where she served as CFO from 2019 to 2023. From 2000 to 2019, Ms. Baughman held numerous finance roles of increasing responsibility at Monsanto Company, a previously public agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology corporation acquired by Bayer in 2018, including as US Strategic Account, Distribution Strategy and Licensing Finance Lead, Global Commercial Crop Protection and Seed Applied Solutions Finance Lead and, most recently, NALAN Supply Chain Finance Lead from 2017 to 2019. Ms. Baughman received a B.S. in Accounting from University of Holy Cross and an MBA from the University of New Orleans. She has also completed the General Management Program certification at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. 
 Item 11.	Executi ve Compensation 
 Compensation for our executives and key employees is designed to attract and retain people who share our vision and values and who we believe can consistently perform in such a manner that enables the Company to achieve its strategic goals. Our Compensation Committee believes that the total compensation package for each of our executive officers is competitive with the market, thereby allowing us to retain executive talent capable of leveraging the skills of our employees and our unique assets in a manner consistent with our goal of enhancing our value in the long-term. Our "Named Executive Officers" refers to those executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 For our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, our "Named Executive Officers" are: 
 Mark Herrmann, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and 

Vanessa Baughman, our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. 

Our executive compensation programs are designed to (1) motivate and reward our executive officers; (2) retain our executive officers and encourage their quality service; (3) incentivize our executive officers to appropriately manage risks while improving our financial results; and (4) align executive officers interests with those of our stockholders. Under these programs, our executive officers are rewarded for the achievement of Company objectives, which we believe aligns their interests with the interests of our stockholders. 
 Our executive compensation programs seek to remain competitive with the market while also aligning executive compensation with stockholder interests through the following types of compensation: (i) base salary; (ii) annual cash-based incentive bonuses; and (iii) annual equity-based incentive awards. 
 Key Executive Compensation Objectives 
 The compensation policies developed by our Compensation Committee are based on the philosophy that compensation should reflect both Company-wide performance, financially and operationally, and the individual performance of the executive, including management of personnel under his or her supervision. Our Compensation Committee s objectives when setting and/or recommending compensation for our executive officers include: 
 Setting compensation levels that are sufficiently competitive such that they will motivate and reward the highest quality individuals to contribute to our goals, objectives and overall financial success. This is done in part through reviewing and comparing the compensation of other companies in our peer group. 

Retaining executives and encouraging their continued quality service, thereby encouraging and maintaining continuity of the management team. Our competitive base salaries combined with cash bonuses and equity incentive awards, retirement plan benefits and the vesting requirements of our equity-based incentive awards, encourage high-performing executives to remain with the Company. 

Incentivizing executives to appropriately manage risks while attempting to improve our financial results, performance and condition. 

Aligning executive and stockholder interests. Our Compensation Committee believes the use of equity compensation as a key component of executive compensation is a valuable tool for aligning the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders. 

105 

Our compensation programs are designed to reward superior performance of both the Company and each individual executive and seeks to encourage actions that drive our business strategy. Our Compensation Committee or a member thereof, meets with each of our executive officers periodically to review performance, goals and expectations so that our annual compensation decisions, when made, will be more transparent. 
 Oversight of Executive Compensation 
 The Role of our Compensation Committee in Setting Compensation. Our Compensation Committee determines and recommends to our Board the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and approves, or recommends to our Board for approval, the compensation of our other executive officers. Our Compensation Committee also administers our equity incentive plans. Our Compensation Committee reviews base salary levels for our executive officers and recommends raises and bonuses based upon the Company s achievements, individual performance and competitive and market conditions. 
 The Role of Executive Officers in Setting Compensation. While our Compensation Committee does not delegate any of its functions to others in setting the compensation of senior management, it includes members of senior management in its executive compensation process. Historically, we have asked each of our senior executives to annually provide us with input regarding their goals for the coming year. These proposals have included Company-wide and individual performance goals. The individual goals often have included not only the goals of such executive but also goals of the employees for whom the executive is responsible. Our Compensation Committee typically reviews these proposals with the executive officers and provides the Compensation Committee s perspective on those aspects that the Compensation Committee may feel should be modified. 
 The Role of Consultants in Setting Compensation. In prior years, our Compensation Committee engaged an independent compensation consultant to assist in its review and analysis of the Company s executive and director compensation programs in comparison to executive and director compensation programs at selected publicly-traded peer companies. Our Compensation Committee generally intends to receive updated analyses from an independent compensation consultant approximately every two fiscal years, although our Compensation Committee did not consult with any compensation consultant with respect to our executive compensation program for fiscal 2023, given the various operational and strategic initiatives undertaken and changes in our business environment during this period. 
 Compensation Risk Assessment 
 As part of its risk assessment process, our Compensation Committee reviewed material elements of executive and non-executive employee compensation. Our Compensation Committee concluded that these policies and practices do not create risk that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 The structure of our compensation programs for our executive officers is designed so as not to incentivize unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. The base salary component of compensation does not encourage risk-taking because it is a fixed amount, while the cash and equity-based awards have the following risk-limiting characteristics: 
 Annual equity-based incentive awards to each of our executive officers are limited to a maximum value set by our Compensation Committee or the full Board, as applicable; 

Annual equity-based incentive awards are based on a review of a variety of performance factors, thus diversifying the risk associated with any single aspect of performance; 

Our Compensation Committee, which is composed of solely non-employee members of our Board, approves the final cash-based incentive bonuses and equity-based incentive awards in its discretion after reviewing individual and corporate performance; and 

By granting annual equity-based incentive awards with a multi-year vesting schedule, a significant portion of our executive compensation program is tied to the long-term performance of S W, which aligns the interests of our executive officers to the long-term interests of our stockholders. 

Elements of Compensation 
 The material elements of our compensation programs for our Named Executive Officers include: (i) base salary; (ii) annual cash-based incentive bonuses; and (iii) annual equity-based incentive awards. 
 106 

Base Salaries . We provide our Named Executive Officers with a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year and sustained performance. The purpose of the base salary is to reflect job responsibilities, value to us and competitiveness of the market. Salaries for our Named Executive Officers are determined based on the following factors: nature and responsibility of the position and, to the extent available, salary norms for comparable positions; the expertise of the individual executive; and the competitiveness of the market for the executive s services. 
 Annual Cash-Based Incentive Bonuses . Our general practice is to award annual cash-based incentive bonuses, based in part on the achievement of performance objectives or significant accomplishments as established by our Compensation Committee or our Board from time to time. These performance objectives and significant accomplishments are, in part, developed in partnership with each executive officer and are discussed on an ongoing basis throughout the year. With respect to performance during fiscal 2024, Ms. Baughman had a set cash-based bonus she received upon meeting certain targets in addition to the annual cash-based incentive bonus stemming from her February 12, 2024 employment agreement. This is discussed further in " Key Compensation Decisions and Developments for Fiscal Year 2024" below. 
 Annual Equity-Based Incentive Awards . Our annual equity-based incentive awards are designed to align stockholder interests with those of our employees and consultants, including our Named Executive Officers. With respect to performance during fiscal 2024, each of our Named Executive Officers were granted both stock option awards and RSU awards, as discussed in " Key Compensation Decisions and Developments for Fiscal Year 2024" below. 
 Key Compensation Decisions and Developments for Fiscal Year 2024 
 During fiscal 2024, each of our Named Executive Officers received their annual base salary. Ms. Baughman had a set cash-based incentive bonus she was eligible to receive upon meeting certain targets as well as her annual bonus incentives per her employment agreement effective February 12, 2024. 
 Upon the recommendation of our Compensation Committee our Board approved the following elements of compensation for our current Named Executive Officers: 
 Base Salary . As of the end of fiscal 2024, the base salaries for our Named Executive Officers were as follows: 

Named Executive Officer 
 
 Base Salary ) 

Vanessa Baughman (1) 

330,000 

Mark Herrmann (2) 

500,000 

(1) Ms. Baughman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary effective as of the close of business on May 11, 2023. Ms. Baughman's latest employment agreement was effective as of February 12, 2024, when her annual salary increased from 300,000 to 330,000. 

(2) Mr. Herrmann was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer effective as of July 1, 2023. Mr. Herrmann's latest employment agreement was effective as of July 1, 2024. 

Annual Cash-Based Incentive Bonus . The cash-based incentive bonuses awarded with respect to fiscal 2024 performance were as follows: 

Named Executive Officer 
 
 Bonus ) 

Vanessa Baughman (1) 

91,809 

Mark Herrmann 

75,000 

(1) Ms. Baughman was eligible to receive a set bonus upon completion of specified objectives for the period from July 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, which concluded to be 22,500. Ms. Baughman received an additional 69,609 resulting from her annual cash-based incentive bonus for fiscal 2024 performance per her employment agreement effective February 12, 2024. 

Annual Equity-Based Incentive Awards . The equity-based incentive awards granted under our 2019 Plan (as defined below) for performance during fiscal 2024 were as follows: 

Named Executive Officer 
 
 Stock Option Dollar Value ) 

Stock Options (#) 

RSU Dollar Value ) 

RSUs (#) 

Vanessa Baughman (1) 

136,049 

62,420 

66,000 

5,718 

Mark Herrmann (2) 

70,049 

52,170 

107 

(1) Per Ms. Baughman's employment agreement effective February 12, 2024, she is eligible to receive equity-based incentive awards for performance commencing in fiscal year 2025. Ms. Baughman received a one-time signing bonus comprised of (i) a RSU award with a value of 66,000, and (ii) a stock option award with a value of 66,000 as of February 12, 2024. The RSU award and stock option award shall vest in equal quarterly installments over a three year period commencing April 1, 2024, subject to her continuous service as of each vesting date. Ms. Baughman also received a stock option award of 52,170 option shares for fiscal year 2024 performance, which had a grant date fair value of 70,049. 

(2) Mr. Herrmann received a stock option award of 52,170 option shares for fiscal year 2024 performance, which had a grant date fair value of 70,049. 

Unless otherwise specified, each of the stock options and RSUs awarded as part of the annual equity-based incentive awards component of our fiscal 2024 executive compensation program vest quarterly over three years, commencing on January 1, 2025. 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth certain information for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 regarding the compensation of our Named Executive Officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus )(1) 

Stock Awards )(1) 

Option Awards )(1) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation )(2) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Mark Herrmann 
 
 2024 

500,000 

75,000 

70,049 

48,476 
 
 (3) 
 
 693,525 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Vanessa Baughman (4) 
 
 2024 

311,577 

91,809 

66,000 

136,049 

1,523 
 
 (5) 
 
 606,958 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 2023 

39,231 

20,000 

59,231 

(1) The amounts shown for stock awards and option awards represent the aggregate grant date fair value of such awards granted to the Named Executive Officers as computed in accordance with ASC 718. For each award, the grant date fair value is calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the grant date and, in the case of the restricted stock awards, assuming 100 probability of achievement of conditions for full vesting as of the grant date. These amounts do not correspond to the actual value that may be realized by the Named Executive Officers upon vesting or exercise of such awards. 

(2) Amounts represent annual cash-based incentive bonuses earned for performance during fiscal year. 

(3) This includes Mr. Herrmann's 401(k) matching employer contributions and his housing allowance for fiscal 2024. 

(4) Ms. Baughman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary effective as of the close of business on May 11, 2023. For fiscal 2023, Ms. Baughman only received her base salary and 20,000 of her bonus that was earned in fiscal 2023. For fiscal 2024, Ms. Baughman received a cash bonus of 91,809 in addition to restricted stock awards and option awards. 

(5) Amounts represent 401(k) matching employer contributions for fiscal year. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding equity awards granted to our Named Executive Officers that remain outstanding as of June 30, 2024. 

Name 
 
 Option Awards(1) 
 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 

Option Exercise Price )(2) 

Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 

Mark Herrmann 

5,264 

20.54 

6/25/33 

Vanessa Baughman 

855 

9,395 
 
 (3) 
 
 11.54 

2/11/34 

5,241 
 
 (4) 
 
 35,848 

108 

(1) All of the option awards were granted under the S W Seed Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (our "2019 Plan"). 

(2) All of the option awards were granted with a per share price not less than the fair market value of one share of our common stock on the date of grant, as determined in good faith by our Board. 

(3) The options vest in 12 quarterly installments on the first day of the fiscal quarter. Vesting commenced on April 1, 2024 and will continue through January 1, 2027. 

(4) Consists of RSUs, which were awarded on February 12, 2024 and vest on a quarterly basis beginning on April 1, 2024 and continuing through January 1, 2027. The market value of the RSUs is based on a closing price of 6.84, which was the closing price on June 28, 2024, the last trading day of fiscal 2024. 

Employment Agreements with our Named Executive Officers 
 We have employment agreements with each of our executive officers, including our Named Executive Officers (as defined below). 
 Herrmann Employment Agreement: 
 Pursuant to our 2023 employment agreement with Mr. Herrmann (the "Herrmann Employment Agreement"), effective July 1, 2023, he: 
 received a base salary of 500,000 for employment term of twelve months effective on July 1, 2023; 

was eligible to receive an annual performance, comprised of three parts: (i) a cash bonus with an initial target value of 20 of base salary (up to 30 of base salary); (ii) an RSU award with an initial target value of 150,000 (up to a maximum of 300,000); and (iii) a stock option award with an initial target value of 300,000 (up to a maximum of 550,000); and 

received a one-time signing option bonus of 100,000 shares of the Company's stock vesting in twelve equal monthly installments commencing July 1, 2023. 

Mr. Herrmann was also entitled to reimbursement of certain business and travel expenses, and is eligible to participate in each of our employee benefit plans, policies and arrangements that are applicable to our other executive or key management employees. Furthermore, the Company provided him with Company-leased housing accommodations or a housing allowance up to 2,500 per month for housing rental payments in the Longmont, Colorado area. 
 The Herrmann Employment Agreement also provided certain severance benefits, each subject to a requirement that Mr. Herrmann provide the Company with a general release of claims in a termination agreement acceptable to the Company: 
 In the event Mr. Herrmann's employment was terminated without Cause or he resigned for Good Reason (each as defined in the Herrmann Employment Agreement) prior to July 1, 2024, he will be entitled to receive (i) continuation of his base salary for a period of three months and (ii) vesting of the signing bonus shall accelerate and vest such that 100 of the shares shall be deemed vested and fully exercisable until twelve months after the termination date. 

In the event Mr. Herrmann's employment was terminated for Cause or without Good Reason (each as defined in the Herrmann Employment Agreement) prior to July 1, 2024, he was entitled to receive any (i) unpaid base salary accrued and unpaid at the termination date, (ii) pay for accrued but unused vacation, (iii) benefits or compensation as provided under the terms of any employee benefit and compensation agreements or plans applicable to him and under which he has a vested right (including any right that vests in connection the termination of his employment), (iv) unreimbursed business expenses to which he is entitled to reimbursement under the Company s expense reimbursement policy, and (v) rights to indemnification he may have under the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, this Agreement, or his separate indemnification agreement, as applicable, including any rights he may have under directors and officers insurance policies. 

Pursuant to our 2024 amended employment agreement with Mr. Herrmann (the "Amended Herrmann Employment Agreement"), effective July 1, 2024, he: 
 receives an annual base salary of 500,000; and 

109 

is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus, comprised of three parts: (i) a cash bonus with an initial target value of 250,000 (up to 375,000); (ii) an RSU award with an initial target value of 150,000 (up to a maximum of 300,000); and (iii) a stock option award with an initial target value of 300,000. 

Mr. Herrmann is also entitled to reimbursement of certain business and travel expenses, and is eligible to participate in each of our employee benefit plans, policies and arrangements that are applicable to our other executive or key management employees. Furthermore, the Company provided him with Company-leased housing accommodations or a housing allowance up to 2,500 per month until August 31, 2024 for housing rental payments in the Longmont, Colorado area. 
 The Amended Herrmann Employment Agreement also provides certain severance benefits, each subject to a requirement that Mr. Herrmann provide the Company with a general release of claims in a termination agreement acceptable to the Company: 
 In the event Mr. Herrmann s employment is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Amended Herrmann Employment Agreement), he would be entitled to receive (i) continuation of his base salary for three (3) months, (ii) a lump sum payment equal to 100 of his target cash bonus, and (iii) any outstanding stock options would remain exercisable until the earlier of twelve (12) months after the termination date and such stock option's original expiration date. 

Baughman Employment Agreement and Extensions: 
 Pursuant to our interim employment agreements with Ms. Baughman, which were superseded by her employment agreement effective February 12, 2024, she: 
 received a bi-weekly base salary of 11,538.46; 

was eligible for a bonus of up to 50,000 upon the completion of goals to be completed for the period ended September 30, 2023; and 

was eligible to receive an additional bonus of up to 70,000 upon the completion of additional goals for the period between October 1, 2023 and April 30, 2024. 

Pursuant to our employment agreement with Ms. Baughman effective February 12, 2024 (the "Baughman Employment Agreement"), she: 
 receives an annual base salary of 330,000; 

is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus, comprised of three parts: (i) a cash bonus with an initial target amount of 165,000 (up to a maximum of 247,500); (ii) commencing with fiscal year 2025, an RSU award with an initial target value of 66,000 (up to a maximum of 132,000); and (iii) commencing with fiscal year 2025, a stock option award with an initial target value of 66,000 (up to a maximum of 132,000); and 

received a one-time signing bonus comprised of (i) a RSU award with a value of 66,000, and (ii) a stock option award with a value of 66,000 as of February 12, 2024. The RSU award and stock option award shall vest in equal quarterly installments over a three year period commencing February 12, 2024, subject to her continuous service as of each vesting date. 

Ms. Baughman is also entitled to reimbursement of certain business and travel expenses, and is eligible to participate in each of our employee benefit plans, policies and arrangements that are applicable to our other executive or key management employees. 
 The Baughman Employment Agreement also provided for certain severance benefits, each subject to a requirement that Ms. Herrmann provide the Company with a general release of claims in a termination agreement acceptable to the Company: 
 In the event Ms. Baughman s employment is terminated without Cause or she resigns for Good Reason (each as defined in the Baughman Employment Agreement), she would be entitled to receive (i) continuation of her base salary for twelve (12) months, (ii) a lump sum payment equal to 100 of her target cash bonus, (iii) full acceleration of the vesting of all of her outstanding equity grants and awards 

110 

of common stock, and any outstanding stock option would remain exercisable until the earlier of twelve (12) months after the termination date and such stock option's original expiration date, and (iv) payment or reimbursement of COBRA premiums for twelve (12) months. 

If Ms. Baughman s employment is terminated without Cause or she resigned for Good Reason during the Change of Control period (as defined in the Baughman Employment Agreement), she would be eligible to receive (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to eighteen (18) months of her base salary, (ii) a lump sum cash payment equal to 150 of her target cash bonus, (iii) full acceleration of the vesting of all of her outstanding equity grants and awards of common stock, and any outstanding stock option would remain exercisable until the earlier of twelve (12) months after the termination date and such stock option's original expiration date, and (iv) payment or reimbursement of COBRA premiums for eighteen (18) months. 

Director Compensation 
 Our director compensation programs are designed to provide an appropriate incentive to attract and retain qualified non-employee Board members. Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the equity and cash compensation for directors on an annual basis and making recommendations to our Board, in the event it determines changes are needed. 
 Summary Director Compensation Table 
 The following table summarizes the compensation earned by or paid to each person who served on our Board at any time during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 

Stock Awards )(1)(2) 

Option Awards )(1)(3) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Mark J. Harvey 

153,478 

153,478 

Elizabeth Horton 

55,875 

88,657 

144,532 

Alexander C. Matina 

89,125 

82,749 

171,874 

Jeffrey Rona 

40,900 

74,838 

115,738 

Alan D. Willits (4) 

122,627 

163,835 

286,462 

Mark Wong (4) 

83,559 

125,585 

209,144 

(1) The amounts shown for stock awards and option awards represent the aggregate grant date fair value of such awards granted to the directors as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). For each award, the grant date fair value is calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. These amounts do not correspond to the actual value that may be realized by the directors upon vesting or exercise of such awards. For information on the assumptions used to calculate the value of the awards. 

(2) As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate number of shares outstanding under all stock awards held by our non-employee directors were: Elizabeth Horton: 8,269 shares (includes all unvested shares, including from when she was Chief Financial Officer); Alexander C. Matina: 8,233 shares; Jeffrey Rona: 7,975 shares; Alan D. Willits: 15,209 shares; and Mark Wong: 14,286 shares (includes all unvested shares, including from when he was Chief Executive Officer). 

(3) As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate number of shares outstanding under all options to purchase our common stock held by our non-employee directors were: Mark J. Harvey: 369 shares; Elizabeth Horton: 17,912 shares (includes all unvested or exercisable options, including from when Ms. Horton was Chief Financial Officer); Alexander C. Matina: 2,212 shares; Alan D. Willits: 877 shares; and Mark Wong: 150,134 shares (includes all unvested or exercisable options, including from when Mr. Wong was Chief Executive Officer). 

(4) Alan D. Willits and Mark Wong both serve on the board of Vision Bioenergy Oilseeds LLC, with S W Seed Company paying for their services. As such, this is included in this table and includes both a cash and stock award component. 

Annual Retainer and Per Meeting Fees for Non-Employee Directors 
 Directors who also serve as employees of S W do not receive any additional compensation for their service on our Board. Other than the Chairman of the Board, non-employee directors receive an annual cash retainer of 52,500. 
 111 

Our Chairman receives an annual cash retainer of 65,625 for his service as Chairman of the Board. This annual cash retainer is paid in equal quarterly installments in advance of the first day of each fiscal quarter. 
 In addition to the annual retainer, other than the Chairman of the Board, non-employee directors receive an annual restricted stock unit ("RSU") award for a number of shares equal to 62,500 divided by the price per share of our common stock on the date of grant. Our Chairman receives an annual RSU award for a number of shares equal to 89,500. 
 For service on the various committees of our Board, our non-employee directors, including the Chairman of the Board, receive: 
 an annual retainer of 30,000, 30,000, 25,000 and 25,000 for service as Chairperson of our Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, respectively; and 

an annual retainer of 15,000, 15,000, 12,500 and 12,500 for service as a member of our Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, respectively. 

Committee retainers are paid 70 in cash and 30 in equity, with the equity portion payable in the form of an RSU award for a number of shares based on the price per share of our common stock on the date of grant. 
 In calendar 2024, directors serving as our representatives on the board of Vision Bioenergy Oilseeds LLC, our partnership with Equilon Enterprises LLC (dba Shell Oil Products US), also received an annual retainer of 90,000, paid 45 in cash and 55 in equity (in the form of an RSU award). 
 Each year, these equity awards are granted following our annual meeting of stockholders, and vest at the earlier of one year from the date of grant or the date of our next annual meeting of stockholders. 
 We also reimburse our non-employee directors for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings and for other Company-related out-of-pocket expenses they may incur. 
 Item 12.	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table presents information concerning the beneficial ownership of the shares of our common stock as of October 18, 2024 by: 
 each person we know to be the beneficial owner of 5 of more of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each of the Named Executive Officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table; 

each of our current directors; and 

all of our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

Except as otherwise indicated below, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table is c/o S W Seed Company, 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd., Suite 201, Longmont, Colorado 80501. 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 2,284,438 shares of common stock outstanding on October 18, 2024. In computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed as outstanding shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 18, 2024 (December 17, 2024). We did not deem these exercisable shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The applicable footnotes are an integral part of the table and should be carefully read in order to understand the actual ownership of our securities, particularly by the 5 stockholders listed in the table. 
 112 

Number of Shares 

Number of Shares Subject to Options, RSUs and Warrants Exercisable by 

Total Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name of Beneficial Owners 
 
 Beneficially Held 

December 17, 2024 

Number 

Percent 

5 Stockholders 

MFP Partners, L.P. (1) 

918,328 

267,736 
 
 (2) 
 
 1,186,064 

46.5 

Wynnefield Capital Management LLC and Related Entities (3) 

216,472 

216,472 

9.5 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Mark Herrmann, Chief Executive Officer 

2,122 

5,264 
 
 (4) 
 
 7,386 

Vanessa Baughman, Chief Financial Officer 

972 

2,563 
 
 (5) 
 
 3,535 

Mark J. Harvey, Director 

12,601 
 
 (6) 
 
 5,615 
 
 (7) 
 
 18,216 

Elizabeth Horton, Director 

3,611 

18,883 
 
 (8) 
 
 22,494 

Alexander C. Matina, Director 

9,225 

10,445 
 
 (9) 
 
 19,670 

Jeffrey Rona, Director 

7,975 
 
 (10) 
 
 7,975 

Alan D. Willits, Director 

29,850 

11,348 
 
 (11) 
 
 41,198 

1.8 

Mark W. Wong, Director 

17,293 

147,057 
 
 (12) 
 
 164,350 

6.8 

All executive officers, directors as a group (8 persons) 

75,674 

209,150 

284,824 

11.4 

Less than 1 percent of the class. 
 (1) Based solely upon a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on March 22, 2023 by MFP Investors LLC. MFP Investors LLC is the general partner of MFP Partners, L.P. MFP ). Jennifer Cook Price is the managing director of MFP and the managing member of MFP Investors, LLC. The address for MFP is 909 Third Avenue, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10022. Alexander C. Matina, a member of our Board of Directors, was Portfolio Manager of MFP until December 31, 2023, at which point he transitioned to an advisor role for MFP. 

(2) Includes (i) 168,040 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants; (ii) 99,696 shares issuable upon conversion of 1,695 shares of the Company s Series B Redeemable Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock. 

(3) Based upon the most recent Form 4 filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. and the latest Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 16, 2023. The address for Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC and related entities is 450 Seventh Avenue, Suite 509, New York, NY 10123. Of the shares indicated, 70,355 shares are beneficially owned by Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. Partners ), 110,766 shares are beneficially owned by Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value, L.P. I Partners I ), 28,548 shares are beneficially owned by Wynnefield Small Cap Value Offshore Fund, Ltd. (the Fund and 6,803 shares are beneficially owned by Wynnefield Capital, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Plan ). Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC has an indirect beneficial interest in the shares held by Partners and Partners I. Wynnefield Capital, Inc. has an indirect beneficial interest in the shares held by the Fund. Nelson Obus may be deemed to hold an indirect beneficial interest in the shares held by Partners, Partners I, the Fund and the Plan because he is the co-managing member of Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC, a principal executive officer of Wynnefield Capital, Inc. (the investment manager of the Fund) and a co-trustee of Wynnefield Capital, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (having power to vote and dispose of investments in securities). Joshua Landes may be deemed to hold an indirect beneficial interest in the shares held by Partners, Partners I, the Fund and the Plan because he is the co-managing member of Wynnefield Capital Management, LLC, a principal executive officer of Wynnefield Capital, Inc. (the investment manager of the Fund) and a co-trustee of Wynnefield Capital, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (having power to vote and dispose of investments in securities). Mr. Obus and Mr. Landes both disclaim any beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock reported in this report. 

(4) Includes 5,264 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(5) Includes 2,563 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(6) Includes 11,614 shares held in a retirement fund directed by Mr. Harvey and as to which he is a beneficiary. 

(7) Includes 5,246 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs and 369 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(8) Includes 6,666 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs and 12,217 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(9) Includes 8,233 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs and 2,212 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(10) Includes 7,975 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs. 

113 

(11) Includes 10,471 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs and 877 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

(12) Includes 6,666 issuable upon vesting of RSUs and 140,391 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our 2019 Plan authorizes the grant and award of options and other equity compensation, including stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, RSUs, performance awards and other stock-based compensation to employees, officers, directors and consultants. As of October 18, 2024, a total of 475,215 shares of common stock have been issued or are currently reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan, which was adopted at our annual meeting of stockholders held on January 16, 2019, as successor to the S W Seed Company Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (our "2009 Plan"). 
 Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our 2009 Plan authorizes the grant and award of options and other equity compensation, including stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, RSUs, performance awards and other stock-based compensation to employees, officers, directors and consultants. A total of 128,947 shares of common stock had been issued or were reserved for issuance under our 2009 Plan as of January 16, 2019, at which time our 2009 Plan was succeeded by our 2019 Plan. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes the information about the options and other equity compensation under our 2019 Plan and our 2009 Plan as of the close of business on June 30, 2024. We have no equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our stockholders. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights ) (b) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders 

344,267 
 
 (1) 
 
 39.14 
 
 (2) 
 
 13,563 

(1) Represents awards granted under the 2009 Plan and the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan became effective on January 16, 2019, at which time the 2019 Plan succeeded the 2009 Plan. Consists of 279,671 options and 64,596 RSUs. 

(2) Represents the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options. 

Item 13.	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Our Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, in advance, any transactions between us and any related parties. Related parties include any of our directors or executive officers, certain of our stockholders and their immediate family members. This obligation is set forth in writing in the Audit Committee charter. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.swseedco.com in the Investors section under Corporate Governance. This website address is included for reference only. The information contained on S W's website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each year, our Audit Committee, assisted by our legal counsel, works with our directors, executive officers and certain stockholders to identify any transactions with us in which the executive officer or director or their family members have an interest. We review related party transactions due to the potential for a conflict of interest. A conflict of interest occurs when an individual s private interest interferes, or appears to interfere, with our interests. 
 MFP Loan Agreement 
 On September 22, 2022, MFP Partners, L.P., or MFP, our largest stockholder, provided a letter of credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of MFP, with an initial face amount of 9.0 million, or the MFP Letter of Credit, for the benefit of CIBC, as additional collateral to support the Company s obligations under the CIBC Loan Agreement. The MFP Letter of Credit initially matured on January 23, 2023, one month after the maturity date of the existing CIBC Loan Agreement. Concurrently, on September 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, or the MFP Loan Agreement, with MFP, pursuant to which any draw 
 114 

CIBC may make on the MFP Letter of Credit will be deemed to be a term loan advance made by MFP to the Company. The MFP Loan Agreement initially provided for up to 9.0 million of term loan advances. 
 Concurrent with the October 28, 2022, amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement, MFP amended the MFP Letter of Credit to increase the face amount from 9.0 million to 12.0 million, and the MFP Loan Agreement was amended to increase the maximum amount of term loan advances available to the Company from 9.0 million to 12.0 million. In connection with the December 23, 2022 amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement, MFP amended the MFP Letter of Credit, extending the maturity date from January 23, 2023 to April 30, 2023. In connection with the Company s March 22, 2023 amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement, MFP further amended the MFP Letter of Credit to increase the maximum amount of term loan advances to 13.0 million and extend the maturity date to September 30, 2024. Following the July 3, 2024 amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement, which extended the maturity date to October 31, 2024 amongst other items, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP, dated July 16, 2024, which extended the maturity date of the MFP Letter of Credit to November 30, 2024 and also extended the maturity date of the MFP Loan Agreement to May 31, 2025. Following the October 31, 2024 amendment to the CIBC Loan Agreement, which extended the maturity date to October 31, 2024 amongst other items, the Company entered into a Fifth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement with MFP, dated October 31, 2024, to extend the maturity date of the MFP Letter of Credit to December 31, 2024. 
 Pursuant to the MFP Loan Agreement, the Company initially accrued a cash fee to be paid to MFP equal to 3.50 per annum on all amounts remaining undrawn under the MFP Letter of Credit. In the event any term advances are deemed made under the MFP Loan Agreement, such advances will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to term SOFR (with a floor of 1.25 plus 9.25 , 50 of which will be payable in cash on the last day of each fiscal quarter and 50 of which will accrue as payment in kind interest payable on the maturity date, unless, with respect to any quarterly payment date, the Company elects to pay such interest in cash. This was subsequently amended on March 22, 2023 to, amongst other things, increase the cash fee payable to MFP on all amounts remaining undrawn under the MFP Letter of Credit from 3.50 to 4.25 per annum. 
 The MFP Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of our assets and is subordinated to the CIBC Loan Agreement. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, MFP may declare all outstanding obligations under the MFP Loan Agreement immediately due and payable and take such other actions as set forth in the MFP Loan Agreement. 
 MFP Warrants 
 On September 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, or the MFP Loan Agreement, with MFP, pursuant to which any draw CIBC may make on the MFP Letter of Credit will be deemed to be a term loan advance made by MFP to the Company. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the MFP Loan agreement, on September 22, 2022, the Company issued to MFP a warrant, or Initial Warrant, to purchase up to 26,316 shares of the Company s common stock, or Initial Warrant Shares, at 30.40 per share. The Initial Warrant expires five years from its issue date, or September 22, 2027. 
 In connection with the October 28, 2022 and December 22, 2022 amendments to the MFP Letter of Credit, the Company issued to MFP additional warrants to purchase 8,774 and 35,089 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, at an exercise price of 30.40 per warrant share. The warrants will each expire five years from the date of issuance. 
 In connection with the March 22, 2023 amendment to the MFP Letter of Credit, the Company issued to MFP a warrant to purchase 68,421 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 40.85 per MFP warrant share. The warrants will expire five years from the date of issuance. 
 In total, warrants to purchase 138,600 shares of the Company s common stock were issued to MFP in connection with the MFP Loan Agreement, or MFP Warrants, during the year ended June 30, 2023. The stated purchase prices of all of the MFP Warrants are subject to adjustment in connection with any stock dividends and splits, distributions with respect to common stock and certain fundamental transactions as described in the MFP Warrant. The MFP Warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton model as of the respective issue dates and recorded as financial commitment assets within Prepaid expenses and other current asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The MFP Warrants financial commitment assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period from their initial issue dates through the end of the related MFP Letter of Credit commitment periods. During the years ended June 
 115 

30, 2024 and 2023, an aggregate value of 0.0 million and 1.9 million was capitalized, respectively, of which, 0.8 million and 0.9 million, respectively, was amortized as interest expense. 
 Alexander C. Matina, a member of our Board, was Portfolio Manager of MFP Investments LLC, the general partner of MFP, until December 31, 2023, at which point he transitioned to an advisor role for MFP Investors LLC. MFP is our largest stockholder. 
 Indemnification 
 Our Articles and our Bylaws provide for indemnification of our directors, officers, employees or agents of S W, as well as directors, officers, employees, trustees or agents of our subsidiaries serving at our request, so that they will be free from undue concern about personal liability in connection with their service to us. We have also entered into indemnity agreements with certain officers and directors. These agreements provide, among other things, that we will indemnify the director or executive officer, under the circumstances and to the extent provided for in the agreement, for expenses, damages, judgments, fines and settlements he or she may be required to pay in actions or proceedings which he or she is or may be made a party by reason of his or her position as a director or executive officer, and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law and our Articles and Bylaws. 
 Board Independence 
 At all times throughout our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, our Board consisted of a majority of "independent directors" (as such term is defined in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2)). Our Board consults with outside legal counsel to ensure that our Board s determinations are consistent with relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent directors, including those set forth in the pertinent Nasdaq listing standards, as in effect from time to time. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has affirmatively determined that each of our current directors, other than Mr. Wong, our former Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Horton, our former Chief Financial Officer, and each person who served as a member of our Board during fiscal 2024, are independent directors in accordance with applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and regulations. In reaching its conclusions, our Board considered all relevant facts and circumstances with respect to any direct or indirect relationships between us and each of our directors, including those discussed above. Our Board determined that any relationships that exist or existed in the past between us and each of the foregoing directors, if any, were immaterial on the basis of the information set forth above. 
 Item 14.	Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 Our Audit Committee is responsible for audit firm compensation. On February 28, 2024, our Audit Committee dismissed Crowe LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm while simultaneously approving the engagement of Grant Thornton LLP, or Grant Thornton, as our independent registered public accounting firm. As such, Grant Thornton completed the review of our third quarter for fiscal 2024 as well as our fiscal 2024 year-end audit. The aggregate fees billed by Grant Thornton for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 for the professional services described below are as follows: 

Year Ended June 30, 2024 

Audit Fees (1) 

826,862 

Tax Fees 

Other Fees 

Total Fees 

826,862 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees for professional services performed by Grant Thornton for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements, which includes fees for professional services related to additional audit matters unique to specific transactions or events. This also includes fees, converted to USD, for professional services performed by Grant Thornton Australia related to S W Australia's statutory audit for fiscal year 2024. 

All of the fees described above were approved by our Audit Committee. 
 116 

Rotation of Lead Audit Partner 
 Our Audit Committee requires the lead audit partner to be rotated at least every five years. The process for selection of the Company s lead audit partner pursuant to this rotation is expected to involve discussions with Grant Thornton to consider issues related to the timing of such rotation and the transition to new lead and reviewing partners and a meeting between the Chairperson of our Audit Committee and the candidate for the role as well as discussion by the full Audit Committee and management. 
 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We maintain an auditor independence policy that bans our auditors from performing non-financial consulting services, such as information technology consulting and internal audit services. This policy mandates that the Audit Committee approve the audit and non-audit services and related budget in advance, and that the Audit Committee be provided with quarterly reporting on actual spending. This policy also mandates that we may not enter into auditor engagements for non-audit services without the express approval of the Audit Committee. In accordance with this policy, the Audit Committee pre-approved all services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 117 

PART IV 
 Item 15.	Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements of S W Seed Company under Item 8 in Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted in this Annual Report because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions, or the information requested is set forth in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits: 

The information required by this Section (a)(3) of Item 15 is incorporated by reference or filed with this report as set forth on the exhibit index that follows below. 
 118 

(b) Exhibits 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 SEC File Number 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Registrant s Articles of Incorporation, as amended 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/11/21 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/23/22 

3.3 
 
 Registrant s Third Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/26/23 

4.1 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.3 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-219726 
 
 4.3 
 
 8/4/17 

4.3 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 4.3 
 
 9/23/20 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant issued on February 18, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/23/22 

4.5 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to MFP Partners, L.P. on September 22, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 4.4 
 
 11/14/22 

4.6 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to MFP Partners, L.P. on October 28, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 4.5 
 
 2/13/23 

4.7 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to MFP Partners, L.P. on December 22, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 4.6 
 
 2/13/23 

4.8 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to MFP Partners, L.P. on March 22, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 4.7 
 
 5/11/23 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Officers, Directors and Employees of the Registrant and Subsidiaries 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/24/14 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan as amended through Amendment No. 2, forms of Stock Option Grant and Agreement, Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Restricted Stock Award 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.34 
 
 9/28/15 

10.3 
 
 S W Seed Company 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/18/20 

10.4 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise under the Plan. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229625 
 
 99.2 
 
 2/12/19 

119 

10.5 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Plan. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-229625 
 
 99.3 
 
 2/12/19 

10.6 
 
 Collaboration Agreement between the Registrant and Calyxt, Inc., dated May 28, 2015 and entered into by the Registrant on June 3, 2015 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.39 
 
 9/28/15 

10.7 
 
 Sale and Lease Agreement by and between the Registrant and American AgCredit, dated July 9, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.73 
 
 9/20/18 

10.8 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement by and among the Registrant, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC, and CIBC Bank USA, dated December 26, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/12/20 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement by and among the Registrant, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC, and CIBC Bank USA, dated September 22, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.27 
 
 9/23/20 

10.10 
 
 Amendment to Note between the Registrant and Rooster Capital LLC, dated December 24, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/12/20 

10.11 
 
 Business Letter of Offer between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, dated February 17, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.29 
 
 9/23/20 

10.12 
 
 Business Letter of Offer between National Australia Bank Limited and Pasture Genetics Pty Ltd, dated February 17, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.30 
 
 9/23/20 

10.13 
 
 Business Letter of Offer between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, dated May 28, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/12/20 

10.14 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 30, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/11/21 

10.15 
 
 Business Letter of Variation between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, dated March 8, 2021. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/13/21 

10.16 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Seed Holding, LLC, 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/13/21 

120 

Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA. 

10.17 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Seed Holdings, LLC, Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.37 
 
 9/28/22 

10.18 
 
 Finance Agreement by and between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, dated October 14, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/10/22 

10.19 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and among the Registrant and MFP Partners, L.P. MFP 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/23/22 

10.20 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and among the Registrant and MFP 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/23/22 

10.21 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 13, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/16/22 

10.22 
 
 Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit, dated September 21, 2022, issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in favor of CIBC Bank USA for the account of the Registrant 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/22 

10.23 
 
 Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, by and between the Registrant and MFP Partners, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/14/22 

10.24 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/14/22 

10.25 
 
 Amendment and Restatement Deed, dated October 18, 2022, by and between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/13/23 

10.26 
 
 Amendment Deed, dated October 21, 2022, by and between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/13/23 

121 

10.27 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 28, 2022, by and among S W Seed Company, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/13/23 

10.28 
 
 First Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 28, 2022, by and between S W Seed Company and MFP Partners, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/13/23 

10.29 
 
 Eighth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, by and among S W Seed Company, Seed Holding, LLC, Stevia California, LLC and CIBC Bank USA. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.5 
 
 2/13/23 

10.30 
 
 Second Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between S W Seed Company and MFP Partners, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.6 
 
 2/13/23 

10.31 + 
 
 Contribution and Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated February 6, 2023, by and between S W Seed Company and Equilon Enterprises LLC (dba Shell Oil Products US) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/7/23 

10.32+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 22, 2023, by and among S W Seed Company and CIBC Bank USA 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/11/23 

10.33 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 22, 2023, by and among S W Seed Company and MFP Partners, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/11/23 

10.34 
 
 Amendment Deed, dated January 11, 2023, by and between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/11/23 

10.35 
 
 Term Loan Agreement, by and between the Company and AgAmerica, dated June 20, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/26/23 

10.36 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 20, 2023, issued by the Company to AgAmerica 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/26/23 

10.37 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Vanessa Baughman, dated April 26, 2023 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.45 
 
 9/27/23 

122 

10.38 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark Herrmann, dated June 26, 2023 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.46 
 
 9/27/23 

10.39 
 
 Separation Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark W. Wong, dated August 18, 2023 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.47 
 
 9/27/23 

10.40 
 
 Employment Extension Letter by and between the Registrant and Vanessa Baughman, dated September 25, 2023 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.48 
 
 9/27/23 

10.41 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 25, 2023, by and among S W Seed Company and CIBC Bank USA 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.49 
 
 9/27/23 

10.42 
 
 Amendment and Restatement Deed, dated November 17, 2023, by and between National Australia Bank Limited and S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/14/24 

10.43 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Vanessa Baughman, dated February 9, 2024. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/14/24 

10.44 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 13, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and CIBC Bank USA. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-34719 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/14/24 

10.45 
 
 S W Seed Company Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 

X 

10.46 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark Herrmann, dated June 28, 2024 

X 

10.47 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and CIBC Bank USA. 

X 

10.48 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 16, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and MFP Partners, L.P. 

X 

10.49 
 
 Waiver, dated July 31, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and CIBC Bank USA. 

X 

123 

10.50 
 
 Waiver, dated November 1, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and AgAmerica 

X 

10.51 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and CIBC Bank USA. 

X 

10.52 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and among S W Seed Company and MFP Partners, L.P. 

X 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Crowe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 

X 

31.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

X 

31.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

X 

32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

97.1 
 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment (Clawback) Policy 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

X 

124 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 X 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to an Order Granting Confidential Treatment under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 + Schedules (or similar attachments, including exhibits) to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 Item 16.	Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 125 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 1, 2024 

S W SEED COMPANY 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mark Herrmann 

Mark Herrmann 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mark Herrmann and Vanessa Baughman, or any of them, his attorneys-in-fact, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mark Herrmann 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Mark Herrmann 

/s/ Vanessa Baughman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Vanessa Baughman 

/s/ Alan Willits 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Alan D. Willits 

/s/ Mark Harvey 
 
 Director 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Mark J. Harvey 

/s/ Elizabeth Horton 
 
 Director 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Elizabeth Horton 

/s/ Alexander Matina 
 
 Director 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Alexander C. Matina 

/s/ Jeffrey Rona 
 
 Director 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Jeffrey Rona 

/s/ Mark Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 November 1, 2024 

Mark W. Wong 

126 

<EX-10.45>
 2
 sanw-ex10_45.htm
 EX-10.45

EX-10.45 

E 

 Exhibit 10.45 
 S W Seed Company 
 
 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy Effective: December 13 July 1 , 2023 2024 
 Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board of S W Seed Company (the Company who is not also serving as an employee of or consultant to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each such member, an Eligible Director will receive the compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (this Policy for his or her Board service. This Amended and Restated Policy will become effective as of December 13 July 1 , 2023 2024 (the Effective Date ), and may be amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board. An Eligible Director may decline all or any portion of his or her compensation by giving notice to the Company prior to the payment of cash or grant of equity awards pursuant to this Policy. 
 
 A. Board Service Cash Compensation 

Each Eligible Director will receive an annual cash retainer of 52,500, except that the Chair of the Board shall receive an annual cash retainer of 65,625 (the Board Service Retainer ). The Board Service Retainer will be payable in equal quarterly installments in advance on the first day of each fiscal quarter. If an Eligible Director first joins the Board on a day other than the first day of a fiscal quarter, the first quarterly installment will be pro-rated based on the number of days remaining in such fiscal quarter. All installments are vested upon payment. 
 
 B. Board Service Equity Compensation 

Effective as of immediately following the conclusion of each annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (each, an Annual Meeting ), beginning with the Annual Meeting held on December 13, 2023, each then-serving Eligible Director will automatically, and without further action by the Board, be granted a restricted stock unit (an RSU Award under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or any successor plan thereto (the Plan ), for a number of shares equal to 62,500 (except that for the Chair of the Board such value shall be 
 89,500) divided by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of one share of Common Stock on the date of grant, rounded down to the nearest whole share (the Annual RSU Award ). If an Eligible Director first joins the Board after the date of an Annual Meeting, such Eligible Director will automatically, and without further action by the Board, be granted a pro-rated portion of the applicable Annual RSU Award effective upon his or her appointment date, based on the number of days remaining between such appointment date and the first anniversary of the immediately preceding Annual Meeting. 
 
 C. Committee Service Compensation 

Each Eligible Director will receive annual Board committee service retainers as set forth below in respect of their service on each applicable committee of the Board, paid in cash and equity as follows (each, a Committee Service Retainer ): 
 1 

E 

 a. A cash payment equal to 70 of the aggregate value of the applicable Committee Service Retainer (each, a Committee Cash Retainer ); and 

b. An RSU Award for a number of shares equal to (i) 30 of the applicable value of the Committee Service Retainer divided by (ii) the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of one share of Common Stock on the date of grant, rounded down to the nearest whole share (each, a Committee RSU Award ). 

2 

E 

Committee Cash Retainers will be payable in equal quarterly installments in advance on the first day of each fiscal quarter. If an Eligible Director joins a committee of the Board on a day other than the first day of a fiscal quarter, the first quarterly installment will be pro-rated based on the number of days remaining in such fiscal quarter. All installments are vested upon payment. 
 
 Effective as of immediately after the conclusion of each Annual Meeting, beginning with the Annual Meeting held on December 13, 2023, Committee RSU Awards will be granted to each then-serving Eligible Director automatically, and without further action by the Board. If an Eligible Director joins a Committee after the date of an Annual Meeting, such Eligible Director will automatically, and without further action by the Board, be granted a pro-rated portion of the applicable Committee RSU Award effective upon his or her appointment date, based on the number of days remaining between such appointment date and the first anniversary of the immediately preceding Annual Meeting. 
 
 Committee Service Retainers : 
 Audit Committee: Chair - 30,000 Member - 15,000 

Compensation Committee: Chair - 25,000 

Member - 12,500 
 
 Nominating and Governance Committee: Chair - 25,000 

Member - 12,500 
 
 Finance Committee: Chair - 30,000 Member - 15,000 

D. Expenses 

The Company will reimburse each Eligible Director for ordinary, necessary and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such director in connection with attendance at Board or committee meetings or incurred in connection with the performance of Board business; provided, that such director timely submits to the Company appropriate documentation substantiating such expenses. 
 3 

E 

 E. Vesting of Equity Awards ; Directors Resident Outside of U.S. 

All equity awards granted to Eligible Directors under this Policy (or otherwise) shall vest in full upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the most recent Annual Meeting held prior to the date of grant, (ii) the date of the next Annual Meeting held following the date of grant, and (iii) upon a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), subject in each case to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service through such date. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, an Eligible Director who is not a United States resident shall receive, in lieu of any Annual RSU Award or Committee RSU Award to be granted under this Policy, an additional Board Service Retainer or Committee Cash Retainer, as applicable, in an amount equal to the stated dollar value of the applicable RSU Award(s). 
 4 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 3
 sanw-ex10_46.htm
 EX-10.46

EX-10.46 

Exhibit 10.46 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of June 28, 2024, and effective as of July 1, 2024 (the Effective Date by and between S W Seed Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company and Mark Herrmann Executive ). Together, Executive and the Company are sometimes referred to as the Parties . Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section 9 below. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Executive serves as the Company s Chief Executive Officer; 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties previously entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated 
 as of June 19, 2023 (the Prior Agreement ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ Executive to provide services to the Company, and Executive desires to accept such continuing employment and provide services to the Company in exchange for certain compensation and benefits, as set forth in this Agreement, which amends and restates, and replaces the Prior Agreement as of the Effective Date; 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the material advantages accruing to the two Parties and the mutual covenants contained herein, and intending to be legally and ethically bound hereby, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Duties and Scope of Employment . 

(a) Term; Positions and Duties . This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated in accordance with Section 6 below. Executive will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and shall report to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). In the capacity of Chief Executive Officer, Executive will render such business and professional services in the performance of Executive s duties, consistent with Executive s position within the Company. The employment relationship between the Parties shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the Company, as adopted or modified from time to time in the Company s discretion, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company s general employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control. 

(b) Location . Executive shall reside in and work remotely from Executive s home office located in Indianapolis, Indiana; provided, however , that Executive agrees to travel to and work from the Company s offices and/or facilities located in Longmont, Colorado, Lubbock Texas or elsewhere as requested by the Board at least two weeks per calendar month. In addition, the Company reserves the right to reasonably require Executive to perform Executive s duties at places other than Executive s primary work location from time to time, and to require reasonable business travel. 

(c) Obligations . During the Employment Term, Executive will devote Executive s full business efforts and time to the Company and will use good faith efforts to discharge Executive s obligations under this Agreement to the best of Executive s ability. For the 

1 

duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation, 

2 

or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Board; provided, however, that Executive may, without the approval of the Board, serve in any capacity with any civic, educational, or charitable organization and serve on the board(s) set forth on Schedule A attached hereto, provided such services do not materially interfere with Executive s obligations to the Company. After the date of this Agreement, Executive shall seek the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee before accepting or seeking any further positions. Executive shall also do the same with any outside paid employment/consulting positions. Executive represents that Executive is not subject to any non- competition, confidentiality, trade secrets or other agreement(s) that would preclude, or restrict in any way, Executive from fully performing Executive s services hereunder during Executive s employment with the Company. 
 2. At-Will Employment . Executive and the Company agree that Executive s employment with the Company constitutes at-will employment. Executive and the Company acknowledge that this employment relationship may be terminated at any time, with or without Cause (as defined below) or advance notice. 

3. Term of Agreement . This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and is anticipated to continue until terminated in accordance with Sections 6 and 7 below. The period Executive is employed by the Company under this Agreement is referred to herein as the Employment Term . 

4. Compensation . 

(a) Base Salary . The Company will pay Executive an annual salary of 500,000 as compensation for Executive s services (such annual salary, as is then effective, to be referred to herein as Base Salary ). The Base Salary will be paid periodically in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual, required withholdings. 

(b) Bonus Eligibility .	For fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year of Executive s 

employment thereafter, Executive will be eligible to earn: 
 (1) Cash Bonus . A target cash bonus of 50 of Executive s Base Salary (the Cash Bonus ); provided, however , that any Cash Bonus actually paid to Executive shall not exceed 75 of Executive s Base Salary. The exact amount of the Cash Bonus shall be determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole and absolute discretion based on achievement of personal and Company target goals that are mutually agreed upon by the Compensation Committee and Executive each fiscal year. The target amount of any Cash Bonus and the target goals will be subject to review annually, and such changes shall not require an amendment to this Agreement; provided, however, that any such changes are documented in a resolution duly adopted by the Compensation Committee. The Cash Bonus, if any, will accrue and be paid on such date as determined by the Board or Compensation Committee, subject to Executive s continued service through such date. 

(2) RSU Bonus . A restricted stock unit award (the RSU Bonus with a target cash value of 150,000; provided, however , that the maximum cash value of any such RSU Bonus shall not exceed 300,000. The exact amount of the RSU Bonus shall 

3 

be determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole and absolute discretion based on achievement of personal and Company target goals that are mutually agreed upon by the Compensation Committee and Executive. The target cash value of any RSU Bonus and the target goals will be subject to review annually, and such changes shall not require an amendment to this Agreement; provided, however, that any such changes are documented in a resolution duly adopted by the Compensation Committee. The RSU Bonus, if any, will accrue and be paid on such date as determined by the Board or Compensation Committee, subject to Executive s continued service through such date. The RSU Bonus will be governed by and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Plan and related restricted stock unit agreement, which Executive will be required to execute. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the shares subject to the RSU Bonus shall vest quarterly over a three- year period, subject to Executive s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) as of each such vesting date. 
 (3) Stock Option Bonus . A stock option award (the Stock Option Bonus with a cash value (based on the Black-Scholes valuation model and related assumptions used by the Company for financial accounting purposes) as of the date of grant equal to 

300,000. The Stock Option Bonus will be granted as soon as reasonably practicable following the beginning of each fiscal year, on such date as determined by the Board or Compensation Committee. The Stock Option Bonus will be governed by and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and related form of stock option agreement, which Executive will be required to execute. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the shares subject to the Stock Option Bonus shall vest in equal quarterly installments over a three-year period, subject to Executive s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) as of each such vesting date. 
 (c) Employment Taxes . All of Executive s compensation and payments under this Agreement shall be subject to customary withholding taxes and any other employment taxes as are commonly required to be collected or withheld by the Company. 

(d) Stock Ownership Guidelines . Executive shall be subject to, and shall comply with, the Company s stock ownership guidelines, including compliance with its Insider Trading Policy, including the Addendum thereto, and with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(e) Signing Option . Executive was previously awarded a one-time option grant with respect to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Signing Option ). The shares subject to the Signing Option shall continue to vest in accordance with their terms, subject to Executive s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan). The Signing Option will continue to be governed by and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and related form of stock option agreement previously executed by Executive. If Executive remains continuously employed with the Company in the role of Chief Executive Officer through and until June 26, 2024, the Signing Option will remain exercisable for 12 months after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. 

4 

5. Executive Benefits 

(a) Generally . Executive will be eligible to participate in accordance with the terms of all Company employee benefit plans, policies, and arrangements that are applicable to other executive officers of the Company, as such plans, policies, and arrangements may exist from time to time. 

(b) Vacatio n. Executive will be entitled to accrue up to 20 days of paid annual vacation in accordance with Company policy. 

(c) Expenses . The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, business entertainment and other expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of the performance of Executive s duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 

(d) 	 Housing Allowanc e.		Until August 31, 2024, Executive will, at the Company s option,	continue	to	either	be	(i)	provided	with	Company-leased	housing accommodations, or (ii) reimbursed up to 2,500 per month (the Housing Allowance for Executive s housing rental payments, in the Longmont, Colorado area. The Housing Allowance will be grossed up to cover all applicable federal, state, and local withholding taxes, and will be paid in the first payroll period each month during the Housing Allowance period and will not be considered part of Executive s Base Salary, including but not limited to for such purposes as the severance payments described in Section 7 below. 

6. Termination of Employment . In addition to any other compensation payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement, in the event Executive s employment with the Company terminates for any reason, Executive will be entitled to any (a) unpaid Base Salary accrued and unpaid up to the Termination Date, (b) pay for accrued but unused vacation, (c) benefits or compensation as provided under the terms of any employee benefit and compensation agreements or plans applicable to Executive and under which Executive has a vested right (including any right that vests in connection the termination of Executive s employment), (d) unreimbursed business expenses to which Executive is entitled to reimbursement under the Company s expense reimbursement policy, and (e) rights to indemnification Executive may have under the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, this Agreement, or Executive s separate indemnification agreement, as applicable, including any rights Executive may have under directors and officers insurance policies (items (a) through (e), collectively, the Accrued Obligations ). 

7. Severance. 

(a) Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason . If (i) Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than as a result of Executive s death or Disability), or (ii) Executive resigns for Good Reason (as defined below), then, subject to compliance with the Release Requirement, and provided such termination or resignation constitutes a Separation from Service, Executive will be eligible to receive the following severance benefits, to be paid as soon as practical following the Release Effective Date: 

(1) Severance Payment . Continuation of Executive s Base Salary as in effect 

5 

immediately before the Termination Date for a period of three months, subject to required payroll deductions and tax withholdings and payable in installments according to the Company s regular payroll schedule beginning after the Release Effective Date. For such purposes, Executive s Base Salary will be calculated prior to giving effect to any reduction in Base Salary that would give rise to Executive s right to resign for Good Reason; and 
 (2) Equity Acceleration and Option Exercise Extension . Upon the Termination Date, (A) the vesting of the Signing Option shall accelerate and vest such that 100 of the shares subject to the Signing Option shall be deemed vested and fully exercisable and (B) the Signing Option shall remain exercisable until 12 months after such Termination Date. 

(b) Termination by Company for Cause, by Executive without Good Reason or Executive s death or Disability . If Executive s employment is terminated (i) by the Company for Cause, (ii) by Executive without Good Reason, or (iii) due to Executive s death or Disability, then the Company shall pay the Accrued Obligations. In addition, if Executive s employment is terminated by either party for any reason on or after the 12 month anniversary of the Start Date (as defined in the Prior Agreement), Executive shall remain eligible for the Fiscal 2024 Bonuses (as defined in the Prior Agreement) pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Prior Agreement. In any of the foregoing instances, all further vesting of Executive s outstanding equity awards will terminate immediately, and Company shall have no further obligations to Executive under this Agreement. 

(c) Retirement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that Executive s employment with the Company terminates due to Executive s voluntary retirement after the attainment of the age of 65, the vesting and exercisability of all unvested shares subject to any outstanding stock option or restricted stock unit award shall accelerate and become immediately vested and exercisable as of the Termination Date, and any then-outstanding stock options shall remain exercisable until 12 months after such Termination Date. 

(d) Termination by Mutual Agreement of the Parties . Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time upon mutual agreement, in writing, signed by both of the Parties. Any such termination of employment shall have the consequences specified in such writing. 

8. Covenants; Conditions to Receipt of Severance; Mitigation. 

(a) Non-disparagement . Subject to the disclosures permitted by Section 11(e) below, during the Employment Term and for the 12 months thereafter, Executive will not, and will cause Executive s relatives, agents and representatives to not, knowingly disparage, criticize or otherwise make any derogatory statements regarding the Company, its directors, or its officers, and the Company will not knowingly disparage, criticize or otherwise make any derogatory statements regarding Executive. The Company s obligations under the preceding sentence shall be limited to communications by its senior corporate executives having the rank of Vice President or above and members of the Board. The foregoing restrictions will not apply to any statements that are made truthfully in response to a subpoena or other compulsory legal process. Payments of severance to Executive, in accordance with Section 7 above, shall immediately cease, and no further payments shall be made, in the event that Executive breaches the provisions of this Section 8(a). 

6 

(b) Release of Claims . To be eligible for any of the severance benefits provided in Sections 7(a) of this Agreement, Executive must satisfy the following release requirement (the Release Requirement ): return to the Company a signed and dated general release of all known and unknown claims in a termination agreement acceptable to the Company (the Release within the applicable deadline set forth therein, but in no event later than 45 calendar days following Executive s termination date, and permit the Release to become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms (such effective date of the Release, the Release Effective Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the period for satisfaction of the Release Requirement begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, then the Release Effective Date shall occur no sooner than the first date of such second taxable year. No severance benefits pursuant to this Agreement will be paid prior to the Release Effective Date. Accordingly, if Executive breaches the preceding sentence and/or refuses to sign and deliver to the Company an executed Release or signs and delivers to the Company the Release but exercises Executive s right, if any, under applicable law to revoke the Release (or any portion thereof), then Executive will not be entitled to any severance, payment or benefit under this Agreement. 

(c) Mitigation . Payments of severance to Executive, in accordance with Section 7 above, shall immediately cease, and no further payments shall be made, in the event that Executive materially breaches the PIICA (as defined in Section 11(d) below) (provided, however, that Executive s right to future payments will be restored, and any omitted payments will be made to Executive promptly, if the Board in its reasonable good faith judgment determines that such breach is curable, and Executive cures the breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the Board within 30 days of having been notified thereof). Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and to provide timely notice as to Executive s activities following a termination without Cause so that the Company may monitor its obligation under this Section 8 and its subsections. 

7 

9. Definitions . 

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 (a) Cause means the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) Executive s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud or dishonesty under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) Executive s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or material act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) Executive s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between Executive and the Company (including this Agreement and/or the PIICA); (iv) Executive s intentional, material violation of any statutory duty owed to the Company that is not cured within 30 days following the issuance of written notice from the Company to Executive reasonably explaining the basis for the Company s conclusion that said violation has occurred, provided that notice and opportunity to cure shall not apply where the violation is not reasonably susceptible of cure; (v) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets; or (vi) Executive s gross misconduct relating to the business affairs of the Company. Executive s termination of employment will not be considered to be for Cause unless it is approved by a majority vote of the members of the Board of Directors or an independent committee thereof. It is understood that good faith decisions of Executive relating to the conduct of the Company s business or the Company s business strategy will not constitute Cause. 

(b) Disability means Executive s absence from Executive s responsibilities with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 calendar days in any consecutive 12-month period as a result of Executive s mental or physical illness or injury shall mean the inability of Executive to perform Executive s duties under this Agreement because Executive has become permanently disabled within the meaning of any policy of disability income insurance covering employees of the Company then in force. In the event the Company has no policy of disability income insurance covering employees of the Company in force when Executive becomes disabled, the term Disability shall mean the inability of Executive to perform Executive s duties under this Agreement by reason of any incapacity, physical or mental, which the Board, based upon medical advice or an opinion provided by a licensed physician acceptable to the Board, determines can be expected to result in death or expected to last for a continuous period of more than four months. Based upon such medical advice or opinion, the determination of the Board shall be final and binding and the date such determination is made shall be the date of such Disability for purposes of this Agreement. The Company shall act upon this Section in compliance with the Family Medical Leave Act (if applicable to the Company), the Americans with Disabilities Act (as amended), and applicable state and local laws. 

8 

(c) Good Reason for Executive s resignation from employment with the Company means the occurrence of any of the following events without Executive s prior written consent: (i) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company; (ii) a material reduction (but not less than 10 by the Company of Executive s Base Salary, unless such reduction is part of a reduction program applicable generally to other executive employees of the Company; or (iii) a material reduction in Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities, taken as a whole, other than if asked to assume substantially similar duties and responsibilities in a larger entity after a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) (provided, that a change in job position (including a change in title) or reporting line shall not be deemed a material reduction in and of itself unless Executive s new duties are materially reduced from the prior duties). In order for Executive to resign for Good Reason, each of the following requirements must be met: (w) Executive must provide written notice to the Board of Executive s intent to terminate for Good Reason within 90 days following the first occurrence of the condition(s) that Executive believes constitutes Good Reason, which notice shall describe such condition(s); (x) the Company has not reasonably cured such event within 30 calendar days following receipt of such written notice (the Cure Period ); and (z) Executive actually resigns from all positions Executive then holds with the Company within the first 15 days after expiration of the Cure Period. 

(d) Separation from Service has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 

1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder. 
 (e) Termination Date shall mean the effective date of Executive s termination of 

employment with the Company for any reason. 
 10. Indemnification . Subject to applicable law, Executive will be provided indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by the Company s bylaws and Articles of Incorporation, including coverage, if applicable, under any directors and officers insurance policies, with such indemnification determined by the Board or any of its committees in good faith based on principles consistently applied (subject to such limited exceptions as the Board may approve in cases of hardship) and on terms no less favorable than provided to any other Company executive officer or director. 

11. Confidential Information, etc. 

9 

(a) Non-Disclosure of Information . It is understood that the business of the Company is of a confidential nature. During the period of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive may receive and/or may secure confidential information concerning the Company or any of the Company s affiliates which, if known to competitors thereof, would damage the Company or its said affiliates. Executive agrees that during and after Executive s employment, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, divulge, disclose or appropriate to Executive s own use, or to the use of any third party, any secret, proprietary or confidential information or knowledge obtained by him during his employment concerning such confidential matters of the Company or its affiliates, including, but not limited to, information pertaining to contact information, financial information, research, product plans, products, services, customers, markets, developments, processes, designs, drawings, business plans, business strategies or arrangements, or intellectual property or trade secrets. Upon termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall promptly deliver to the Company all materials of a secret or confidential nature relating to the business of the Company or any of its affiliates that are, directly or indirectly, in the possession or under the control of Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (1) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 

(b) Trade Secrets . Executive acknowledges and agrees that during Executive s employment and in the course of the discharge of Executive s duties, Executive shall have access to and become acquainted with information concerning the operation and processes of the Company, including without limitation, proprietary, technical, financial, personnel, sales and other information that is owned by the Company and regularly used in the operation of the Company s business, and that such information constitutes the Company s trade secrets. Executive specifically agrees that Executive shall not misuse, misappropriate, or disclose any such trade secrets, directly or indirectly, to any other person or use them in any way, either during Executive s employment or at any other time thereafter, except as is required in the course of Executive s employment hereunder. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the sale or unauthorized use or disclosure of any of the Company s trade secrets obtained by Executive during the course of Executive s employment, including information concerning the Company s current or any future and proposed work, services, or products, the fact that any such work, services, or products are planned, under consideration, or in production, as well as any descriptions thereof, constitute unfair competition. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company, either during his employment or at any other time thereafter. Executive further agrees that all files, records, documents, specifications, and similar items relating to the Company s business, whether prepared by Executive or others, are and shall remain exclusively the property of the Company and that they shall be removed from the premises of the Company only with the express prior written consent of an authorized member of the Board. 

(c) Cooperation . Executive agrees to cooperate with and provide assistance to the Company and its legal counsel in connection with any litigation (including arbitration or 

10 

administrative hearings) or investigation affecting the Company, in which, in the reasonable judgment of the Company s counsel, Executive s assistance or cooperation is needed. Executive shall, when requested by the Company, provide testimony or other assistance and shall travel at the Company s reasonable request and expense in order to fulfill this obligation. 
 (d) Proprietary Inventions and Assignment Agreement . As a condition of employment, Executive shall continue to abide by the previously executed Proprietary Information, Invention and Confidentiality Agreement (the PIICA ), attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the PIICA, or any other agreement between the Company and Executive, consistent with Colorado law (including the Protecting Opportunities and Workers Rights POWR Act), nothing in this Agreement shall: (i) prohibit Executive from disclosing the underlying facts of any alleged discriminatory or unfair employment practice, including the existence and terms of this Agreement, to Executive s immediate family members, religious advisor, medical or mental health provider, mental or behavioral health therapeutic group, legal counsel, financial advisor, or tax preparer; or (ii) prohibit Executive from disclosing the underlying facts of any alleged discriminatory or unfair employment practice to any government agency, including the existence and terms of this Agreement, or in response to a subpoena, without first notifying the Company. In addition, the disclosure of the underlying facts of any alleged discriminatory or unfair employment practice by the Company shall not constitute disparagement of the Company prohibited by this Agreement. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement waives any rights Executive may have under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 

12. Assignment . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors, and legal representatives of Executive upon Executive s death, and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity, which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 

13. Notices . All notices, requests, demands, and other communications called for hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally or via e-mail to an e-mail address provided by one party to the other, and confirmed via delivery pursuant to one of the other methods specified in this paragraph, (b) one day after being sent overnight by a well-established commercial overnight service, or (c) four days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing: 

If to the Company : 
 Attn: Chairman of the Compensation Committee 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd 
 11 

Suite 201 
 Longmont, CO 80501 If to Executive : 
 at the last residential address known by the Company 
 14. Severability . If any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision. 

15. Governing Law . This Agreement will be deemed to be made in and in all respects will be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the law of the State of Colorado without regard to any applicable principles of conflicts of law. This Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted. 

16. Dispute Resolution; Arbitration Agreement . 

(a) Agreement to Arbitrate All Disputes . To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that may arise between Executive and the Company, both Executive and the Company mutually agree that pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, they will submit solely to final, binding and confidential arbitration any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to: (i) the negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance, breach or enforcement of this Agreement; or 

(ii) Executive s employment with the Company (including but not limited to all statutory claims); or (iii) the termination of Executive s employment with the Company (including but not limited to all statutory claims). BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROCEDURE, BOTH EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO RESOLVE ANY SUCH DISPUTES THROUGH A TRIAL BY JURY OR JUDGE OR THROUGH AN ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING. 
 (b) Arbitrator Authority . The Arbitrator shall have the sole and exclusive authority to determine whether a dispute, claim or cause of action is subject to arbitration under this Arbitration section and to determine any procedural questions which grow out of such disputes, claims or causes of action and bear on their final disposition. 

(c) Individual Capacity Only . All claims, disputes, or causes of action under this Arbitration section, whether by Executive or the Company, must be brought solely in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any other person or entity. The Arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences in this paragraph are found to violate applicable law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a class shall proceed in a court of law rather than by arbitration. 

(d) Arbitration Process . Any arbitration proceeding under this Arbitration section 

shall be presided over by a single arbitrator and conducted by JAMS, Inc. JAMS in Longmont, 
 12 

Colorado under the then applicable JAMS rules for the resolution of employment disputes (available upon request and also currently available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules- employment-arbitration/). Executive and the Company both have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding, at each party s own expense. The Arbitrator shall: (i) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute; (ii) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award; and (iii) be authorized to award any or all remedies that Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The Company shall pay all JAMS arbitration fees in excess of the amount of court fees that would be required of Executive if the dispute were decided in a court of law. 
 (e) Excluded Claims. This Arbitration section shall not apply to any action or claim that cannot be subject to mandatory arbitration as a matter of law, to the extent such claims are not permitted by applicable law to be submitted to mandatory arbitration and are not preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act (collectively, the Excluded Claims ). In the event Executive intends to bring multiple claims, including one of the Excluded Claims listed above, the Excluded Claims may be publicly filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. 

(f) Injunctive Relief and Final Orders . Nothing in this Arbitration section is intended to prevent either Executive or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Any final award in any arbitration proceeding hereunder may be entered as a judgment in the federal and state courts of any competent jurisdiction and enforced accordingly. 

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties shall continue performing their respective obligations under this Agreement while any dispute is being resolved unless and until such obligations are terminated or expire in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

17. Integration . As of the Effective Date, this Agreement, together with its Exhibits, and the standard forms of equity award grants that describe Executive s outstanding equity awards, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral, including without limitation, the Prior Agreement. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in a writing and is signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto. In entering into this Agreement, no party has relied on or made any representation, warranty, inducement, promise or understanding that is not in this Agreement. 

18. Waiver of Breach . The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement, which must be in writing, will not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of this Agreement. 

19. Survival . The PIICA and the Company s and Executive s responsibilities under Sections 6 (Termination of Employment), 7 (Severance), 8 (Covenants; Conditions of Receipt of Severance; Mitigation), 9 (Definitions), 10 (Indemnification), 11 (Confidential Information), 12 

(Assignment), 13 (Notices), 14 (Severability), 15 (Governing Law), 16 (Dispute Resolution; 
 Arbitration Agreement), 17 (Integration), 18 (Waiver of Breach), 19 (Survival), 20 (Headings), 21 (Tax Withholding), 22 (Acknowledgment), and 23 (Internal Revenue Code Section 409A) will 
 13 

survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 20. Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 

21. Tax Withholding . All payments and awards contemplated or made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholdings of applicable taxes in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations of all appropriate government authorities. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has neither made any assurances nor any guarantees concerning the tax treatment of any payments or awards contemplated by or made pursuant to this Agreement. Executive has had the opportunity to retain a tax and financial advisor and fully understands the tax and economic consequences of all payments and awards made pursuant to this Agreement. 

22. Acknowledgments . Executive acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Executive s private attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

23. Internal Revenue Code Section 409A . It is intended that all of the severance benefits and other payments payable under this Agreement satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Code Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9) Section 409A ), and this Agreement will be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent with those provisions, and to the extent not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executive s right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments, reimbursements or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed by the Company at the time of Executive s Separation from Service to be a specified Executive for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and if any of the payments upon Separation from Service set forth herein and/or under any other agreement with the Company are deemed to be deferred compensation, then to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of such payments is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and the related adverse taxation under Section 409A, such payments shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six-month and one day period measured from the date of Executive s Separation from Service, (ii) the date of Executive s death or (iii) such earlier date as permitted under Section 409A without the imposition of adverse taxation. Upon the first business day following the expiration of such applicable Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) period, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section 23 shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive, and any remaining payments due shall be paid as otherwise provided herein or in the applicable agreement. No interest shall be due on any amounts so deferred. If the Company determines that any severance benefits provided under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, for purposes of determining the schedule for payment of the severance benefits, the effective date of the Release will not be deemed to have occurred any earlier than the 60 th day following the Separation from Service, regardless of when the Release actually becomes effective. To the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts 

14 

reimbursable to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided to Executive) during any one year may not effect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. 
 24. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 

[Signature Page Follows] 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by a duly authorized officer, on the day and year written below. 
 
 Company: 
 
 S W SEED COMPANY 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: Alan Willits 
 Title: Chairman of the Board 
 Date: June 28, 2024 

Mark Herrmann 
 Date: June 28, 2024 Executive: 
 16 

SCHEDULE A 

[ ] 
 	 [ ] 
 17 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions and Confidentiality Agreement 
 
 (attached) 
 18 

For Colorado Employees 
 S W SEED COMPANY 
 PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, INVENTION AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
 In consideration of my employment or continued employment by S W Seed Company Employer ), and its subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, successors and assigns (together with Employer, Company ), the compensation paid to me now and during my employment with Company, and Company s agreement to provide me with access to its Confidential Information (as defined below), I enter into this Proprietary Information, Invention and Confidentiality Agreement with Employer (the Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, during the course of my employment, I will have access to and knowledge of Company s trade secrets and Confidential Information (as defined below) in accordance with Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-2-113 and/or proprietary technology relating to Company s products, services, and business, and to have contact with, learn about, provide services to, and establish relationships with customers and business partners of Company; and 
 WHEREAS, it is of material benefit to restrict the disclosure of Company s trade secrets and Confidential Information with a nondisclosure, non-competition and non-solicitation agreement, all of which are reasonable in terms of scope, geography and duration. 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, Employer (on behalf of itself and Company) and I agree as follows: 
 1. Confidential Information Protections . 

Recognition of Company s Rights; Nondisclosure . My employment by Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to Confidential Information (as defined below) and Company has a protectable interest in the Confidential Information. At all times during and after my employment, I will hold in confidence and will not disclose, use, lecture upon, or publish any Confidential Information, except as required in connection with my work for Company, or as approved by an officer of Company. I will obtain written approval by an officer of Company before I lecture on or submit for publication any material (written, oral, or otherwise) that discloses and/or incorporates any Confidential Information. I will take all reasonable precautions to prevent the disclosure of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), I will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (1) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. I agree that Company information or documentation to which I have access during my employment, regardless of whether it contains Confidential Information, is the property of Company and cannot be downloaded or retained for my personal use or for any use that is outside the scope of my duties for Company. 
 Confidential Information . Confidential Information means any and all confidential knowledge or data of Company, and includes any confidential knowledge or data relevant to its business that Company has received, or receives in the future, from third parties that Company has agreed to treat as confidential and to use for only certain limited purposes. By way of illustration but not limitation, Confidential Information includes (a) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, formulas, software in source or object code, works of authorship, data, technology, know-how, designs and techniques, and any other work product of any nature, and all Intellectual Property Rights (defined below) in all of the foregoing (collectively, Inventions ), including all Company Inventions (defined in Section 2.1); (b) information regarding research, development, new products, business and operational plans, budgets, unpublished financial statements and projections, costs, margins, discounts, credit terms, pricing, quoting procedures, future plans and strategies, capital-raising plans, internal services, suppliers and supplier information; (c) information about customers and potential customers of Company, including customer lists, names, representatives, their needs or desires with respect to the types of products or services offered by Company, and other non-public information; (d) information about Company s business partners and their services, including names, representatives, proposals, bids, contracts, and the products and services they provide; (e) information regarding personnel, employee lists, compensation, and employee skills; and (f) any other non-public information that a competitor of Company could use to Company s competitive disadvantage. However, Company agrees 

Proprietary Information, Invention and Confidentiality Agreement 
 Page 1 

that I am free to use or disclose information that (i) I knew prior to my employment with Company without any obligation of confidentiality, which I learned from my general training, knowledge, skill or experience, (ii) at the time of use, is generally known in the trade or industry through no breach of this Agreement by me, or (iii) is readily ascertainable to the public. Company further agrees that this Agreement does not limit my right to discuss my employment or discuss or disclose information which I have a legal right to disclose under applicable law, including information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that I have reason to believe is unlawful, report possible violations of law or regulation, communicate with, cooperate with, or file a complaint with any federal, state or local government agency or entity, or to discuss the terms and conditions of my employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, or to the extent that such disclosure is protected under the applicable provisions of law or regulation, including but not limited to whistleblower statutes or other similar provisions that protect such disclosure, to the extent any such rights are not permitted by applicable law to be the subject of nondisclosure obligations, provided that in each case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law and the information subject to such disclosure was not obtained by me through a communication that was subject to the attorney client privilege, unless such disclosure of that information would otherwise be permitted by an attorney pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 205.3(d)(2), applicable state attorney conduct rules, or otherwise. Any agreement in conflict with the foregoing is hereby deemed amended to be consistent with the foregoing Section 1.2. 
 Term of Nondisclosure Restrictions . I will only use or disclose Confidential Information as provided in this Section 1 and I agree that the restrictions in Section 1.1 are intended to continue indefinitely, even after my employment by Company ends. However, if a time limitation on my obligation not to use or disclose Confidential Information is required under applicable law, and the Agreement or its restriction(s) cannot otherwise be enforced, Company and I agree that the two year period after the date my employment ends will be the time limitation relevant to the contested restriction; provided, however , that my obligation not to disclose or use trade secrets that are protected without time limitation under applicable law shall continue indefinitely. 
 Restricted Access Granted . In exchange for my agreement not to disclose or use Confidential Information, except as required in performing my duties for Company, and for the non-competition covenants, non-solicitation covenants, and the other promises provided herein, Company agrees to grant me immediate, current, and future access to Confidential Information required to fulfill the duties of my position. I agree that Company has no pre-existing obligation to reveal Confidential Information. 
 No Improper Use of Information of Prior Employers and Others . During my employment by Company, I will not improperly use or disclose confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality, and I will not bring onto Company s premises any unpublished documents or property belonging to a former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality unless that former employer or person has consented in writing. 
 2. Assignments of Inventions . 

Definitions . The term (a) Intellectual Property Rights means all past, present and future rights of the following types, which may exist or be created under the laws of any jurisdiction in the world: trade secrets, Copyrights, trademark and trade name rights, mask work rights, patents and industrial property, and all proprietary rights in technology or works of authorship (including, in each case, any application for any such rights, all rights to priority, and any rights to apply for any such rights, as well as all rights to pursue remedies for infringement or violation of any such rights); (b) Copyright means the exclusive legal right to reproduce, perform, display, distribute and make derivative works of a work of authorship (for example, a literary, musical, or artistic work) recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction in the world; (c) Moral Rights means all paternity, integrity, disclosure, withdrawal, special and similar rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction in the world; and (d) Company Inventions means any and all Inventions (and all Intellectual Property Rights related to Inventions) that are made, conceived, developed, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, reduced to practice, or learned or set out in any tangible medium of expression or otherwise created, in whole or in part, by me, either alone or with others, during my employment by Company, and all printed, physical, and electronic copies, and other tangible embodiments of Inventions. 
 2 

Non-Assignable Inventions . I recognize that this Agreement will not be deemed to require assignment of any Invention that I develop entirely on my own time without using Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secrets, or Confidential Information, except for Inventions that either (i) relate to Company s actual or anticipated business, research or development, or (ii) result from or are connected with any work performed by me for Company Nonassignable Inventions ). 
 Prior Inventions . 
 On the signature page to this Agreement is a list describing any Inventions that (i) are owned by me or in which I have an interest and that were made or acquired by me prior to my date of first employment by Company, 
 (ii) may relate to Company s business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, and (iii) are not to be assigned to Company Prior Inventions ). If no such list is attached, I represent and warrant that no Inventions that would be classified as Prior Inventions exist as of the date of this Agreement. 
 I agree that if I use any Prior Inventions and/or Nonassignable Inventions in the scope of my employment, or if I include any Prior Inventions and/or Nonassignable Inventions in any product or service of Company, or if my rights in any Prior Inventions and/or any Nonassignable Inventions may block or interfere with, or may otherwise be required for, the exercise by Company of any rights assigned to Company under this Agreement (each, a License Event ), (i) I will immediately notify Company in writing, and (ii) unless Company and I agree otherwise in writing, I hereby grant to Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, fully-paid, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, digitally transmit, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium (whether now known or later developed), make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in, such Prior Inventions and/or Nonassignable Inventions. To the extent that any third parties have any rights in or to any Prior Inventions or any Nonassignable Inventions, I represent and warrant that such third party or parties have validly and irrevocably granted to me the right to grant the license stated above. For purposes of this paragraph, Prior Inventions includes any Inventions that would be classified as Prior Inventions, whether or not they are listed on the signature page to this Agreement. 
 Assignment of Company Inventions . I hereby assign to Employer all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Company Inventions other than Nonassignable Inventions and agree that such assignment includes an assignment of all Moral Rights. To the extent such Moral Rights cannot be assigned to Employer and to the extent the following is allowed by the laws in any country where Moral Rights exist, I hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such Moral Rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Employer or related to Employer s customers, with respect to such rights. I further agree that neither my successors-in-interest nor legal heirs retain any Moral Rights in any Company Inventions. Nothing contained in this Agreement may be construed to reduce or limit Company s rights, title, or interest in any Company Inventions so as to be less in any respect than that Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement. 
 Obligation to Keep Company Informed . During my employment by Company, I will promptly and fully disclose to Company in writing all Inventions that I author, conceive, or reduce to practice, either alone or jointly with others. At the time of each disclosure, I will advise Company in writing of any Inventions that I believe constitute Nonassignable Inventions; and I will at that time provide to Company in writing all evidence necessary to substantiate my belief. Subject to Section 2.3(b), Company agrees to keep in confidence, not use for any purpose, and not disclose to third parties without my consent, any confidential information relating to Nonassignable Inventions that I disclose in writing to Company. 
 Government or Third Party . I agree that, as directed by Company, I will assign to a third party, including without limitation the United States, all my right, title, and interest in and to any particular Company Invention. 
 Ownership of Work Product . I acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my employment and that are protectable by Copyright are works made for hire, pursuant to United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101). 
 Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights and Assistance . I will assist Company, in every way Company requests, including signing, verifying and delivering any documents and performing any other acts, to obtain and enforce United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights and Moral Rights relating to Company Inventions in any jurisdictions 
 3 

in the world. My obligation to assist Company with respect to Intellectual Property Rights relating to Company Inventions will continue beyond the termination of my employment, but Company will compensate me at a reasonable rate after such termination for the time I actually spend on such assistance. If Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure my signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this paragraph, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on my behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of this Agreement with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. I hereby waive and quitclaim to Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter have for infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights assigned to Employer under this Agreement. 
 Incorporation of Software Code . I agree not to incorporate into any Inventions, including any Company software, or otherwise deliver to Company, any software code licensed under the GNU General Public License, Lesser General Public License, Affero General Public License, copyleft license or any other license that, by its terms, requires or conditions the use or distribution of such code on the disclosure, licensing, or distribution of any source code owned or licensed by Company, except in strict compliance with Company s policies regarding the use of such software or as directed by Company. 
 3. Records . I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in any other form that is required by Company) of all Confidential Information developed by me and all Company Inventions made by me during the period of my employment at Company, which records will be available to and remain the sole property of Employer at all times. 

4. Duty of Loyalty During Employment . During my employment by Company, I will not, without Company s written consent, directly or indirectly engage in any employment or business activity that is directly or indirectly competitive with, or would otherwise conflict with, my employment by Company. 

5. No Solicitation of Employees, Consultants, Contractors, or Customers or Potential Customers . I acknowledge that during my employment I will have access to and knowledge of Confidential Information and that such Confidential Information contains trade secrets in accordance with C.R.S. Section 8-2-113(2)(d). I acknowledge that, because of the nature of my work for Company, my solicitation, serving or retention of certain customers, employees, consultants or partners with whom Company does business from time to time related to my work for Company would necessarily involve the use or disclosure of Confidential Information, and the relationships and goodwill of Company and would otherwise impair the legitimate business interests of Company. To protect Company s Confidential Information, including its legitimate business interests in protecting its trade secrets and because of the position in Company that I may hold, I agree that during the period of my employment and for the one year period after the date my employment ends for any reason, including but not limited to voluntary termination by me or involuntary termination by Company, I will not, as an officer, director, employee, consultant, owner, partner, or in any other capacity, either directly or through others, except on behalf of Company: 

solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing or encouraging any person known to me to be an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Company to terminate his, her or its relationship with Company, even if I did not initiate the discussion or seek out the contact; 
 solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any person known to me to be an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Company to terminate his, her or its relationship with Company to render services to me or any other person or entity that researches, develops, markets, sells, performs or provides or is preparing to develop, market, sell, perform or provide Conflicting Services (as defined below); 
 hire, employ, or engage in a business venture to research, develop, market, sell, perform or provide Conflicting Services (as defined below) as partners or owners or other joint capacity any person then employed by Company or who has left the employment of Company within the preceding three months, or attempt to hire, employ, or engage in a business venture to research, develop, market, sell, perform or provide Conflicting Services as partners or owners or other joint capacity any person then employed by Company or who has left the employment of Company within the preceding three months; 
 4 

solicit, induce or attempt to induce any Customer or Potential Customer (as defined below), to terminate, diminish, or materially alter in a manner harmful to Company its relationship with Company; 
 solicit or assist in the solicitation of any Customer or Potential Customer to induce or attempt to induce such Customer or Potential Customer to purchase or contract for any Conflicting Services; or 
 perform, provide or attempt to perform or provide any Conflicting Services for a Customer or Potential Customer. 
 The parties agree that for purposes of this Agreement, a Customer or Potential Customer is any person or entity who or which, at any time during the one year period prior to my contact with such person or entity as described in Sections 5.4, 
 5.5 or 5.6 above if such contact occurs during my employment or, if such contact occurs following the termination of my employment, during the one year period prior to the date my employment with Company ends: (i) contracted for, was billed for, or received from Company any product, service or process with which I worked directly or indirectly during my employment by Company or about which I acquired Confidential Information; or (ii) was in contact with me or in contact with any other employee, owner, or agent of Company, of which contact I was or should have been aware, concerning the sale or purchase of, or contract for, any product, service or process with which I worked directly or indirectly during my employment with Company or about which I acquired Confidential Information; or (iii) was solicited by Company in an effort in which I was involved or of which I was aware. 
 I understand that the provisions of Sections 5.4 and 5.5 above (collectively, the Customer Non-Solicitation Restrictions are applicable to me only if my total annualized cash compensation meets or exceeds the greater of: (i) 67,500; or (ii) the compensation threshold established by the Colorado State Department of Labor and Employment (the Colorado Customer Non-Solicitation Compensation Threshold ). For avoidance of doubt, if my annualized cash compensation does not meet or exceed the Colorado Customer Non-Solicitation Compensation Threshold as specified in Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. 8-2- 113(2)(d), I will not be subject to the Customer Non-Solicitation Restrictions. I further understand that Section 5.6 is only applicable to me if my total annualized cash compensation meets or exceeds the threshold specified below in Section 6.1. 
 6. Non-Compete Provision . 

I acknowledge that during my employment I will have access to and knowledge of Confidential Information and that such Confidential Information contains trade secrets in accordance with C.R.S. Section 8-2-113(2)(b). To protect Company s Confidential Information, including its legitimate business interests in protecting its trade secrets, and because of the position in Company that I may hold, I agree that for the one year period after the date my employment ends for any reason, including but not limited to voluntary termination by me or involuntary termination by Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, as an officer, director, employee, consultant, owner, partner, or in any other capacity solicit, perform, or provide, or attempt to perform or provide Conflicting Services (defined below) anywhere in the Restricted Territory (defined below), nor will I assist another person to solicit, perform or provide or attempt to perform or provide Conflicting Services anywhere in the Restricted Territory. 
 I understand that the foregoing non-compete restriction is applicable to me only if my total annualized cash compensation meets or exceeds the greater of (i) 112,500.00; or (ii) the compensation threshold established by the Colorado State Department of Labor and Employment (the Colorado Non-Compete Compensation Threshold ). For avoidance of doubt, if my annualized cash compensation does not meet or exceed the Colorado Non-Compete Compensation Threshold as specified in Colo. Rev. Stat. Ann. 8-2-113(2)(b), I will not be subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 6. 
 The parties agree that, for purposes of this Agreement, Conflicting Service s means any product, service, or process or the research and development thereof, of any person or organization other than Company that directly competes with a product, service, or process, including the research and development thereof, of Company with which I worked directly or indirectly during my employment by Company or about which I acquired Confidential Information during my employment by Company. 
 The parties agree that, for purposes of this Agreement, Restricted Territory means (i) all counties in the state in which I primarily perform services for Company; (ii) all other states of the United States of America in which Company, with my involvement in some capacity, including, without limitation, my having knowledge of Confidential Information related thereto, provided goods or services, had customers, or otherwise conducted business at any time during the two-year period prior to the date of the termination of my relationship with Company; and (iii) any other countries from which 
 5 

Company provided goods or services, had customers, or otherwise conducted business, with my involvement in some capacity, including, without limitation, my having knowledge of Confidential Information related thereto, at any time during the two-year period prior to the date of the termination of my relationship with Company. 
 7. Reasonableness of Restrictions . I have read this entire Agreement and understand it. I acknowledge that (a) I have the right to consult with counsel prior to signing this Agreement, (b) I will derive significant value from Company s agreement to provide me with Company Confidential Information to enable me to optimize the performance of my duties to Company, and (c) that my fulfillment of the obligations contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, my obligation neither to disclose nor to use Company Confidential Information other than for Company s exclusive benefit and my obligations not to compete and not to solicit are relevant to Company s business and necessary to protect Company Confidential Information and, consequently, to preserve the value and goodwill of Company. I agree that (i) this Agreement does not prevent me from earning a living or pursuing my career, and (ii) the restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable, proper, and necessitated by Company s legitimate business interests. I represent and agree that I am entering into this Agreement freely, with knowledge of its contents and the intent to be bound by its terms. If a court finds this Agreement, or any of its restrictions, are ambiguous, unenforceable, or invalid, Company and I agree that the court will read the Agreement as a whole and interpret such restriction(s) to be enforceable and valid to the maximum extent allowed by law. If the court declines to enforce this Agreement in the manner provided in this Section and/or Section 13.2, Company and I agree that this Agreement will be automatically modified to provide Company with the maximum protection of its business interests allowed by law, and I agree to be bound by this Agreement as modified. 

8. No Conflicting Agreement or Obligation . I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as an employee of Company does not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence information acquired by me in confidence or in trust prior to my employment by Company. I have not entered into, and I agree I will not enter into, any written or oral agreement in conflict with this Agreement. 

9. Return of Company Property . When I cease to be employed by Company, I will deliver to Company any and all materials, together with all copies thereof, containing or disclosing any Company Inventions, or Confidential Information. I will not copy, delete, or alter any information contained upon my Company computer or Company equipment before I return it to Company. In addition, if I have used any personal computer, server, or e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, including but not limited to, Confidential Information, I agree to provide Company with a computer-useable copy of all such information and then permanently delete such information from those systems; and I agree to provide Company access to my system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary copying and/or deletion is completed. I further agree that any property situated on Company s premises and owned by Company, including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by Company s personnel at any time during my employment, with or without notice. Prior to leaving, I hereby agree to: provide Company any and all information needed to access any Company property or information returned or required to be returned pursuant to this paragraph, including without limitation any login, password, and account information; cooperate with Company in attending an exit interview; and complete and sign Company s termination statement if required to do so by Company. 

10. Legal and Equitable Remedies . I agree that (a) it may be impossible to assess the damages caused by my violation of this Agreement or any of its terms, (b) any threatened or actual violation of this Agreement or any of its terms will constitute immediate and irreparable injury to Company, and (c) Company will have the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief, without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that Company may have for a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement. I agree that if Company is successful in whole or in part in any legal or equitable action against me under this Agreement, Company will be entitled to payment of all costs, including reasonable attorney s fees, from me. If Company enforces this Agreement through a court order, I agree that the restrictions of Sections 5 and 6 will remain in effect for a period of 12 months from the effective date of the order enforcing the Agreement. 

11. Notices . Any notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be given to Company at its headquarters location at the time notice is given, labeled Attention Chief Executive Officer, and to me at my address as listed on Company payroll, or at such other address as Company or I may designate by written notice to the other. Notice will be 

6 

effective 

7 

upon receipt or refusal of delivery. If delivered by certified or registered mail, notice will be considered to have been given five business days after it was mailed, as evidenced by the postmark. If delivered by courier or express mail service, notice will be considered to have been given on the delivery date reflected by the courier or express mail service receipt. 
 12. Publication of This Agreement to Subsequent Employer or Business Associates of Employee . If I am offered employment, or the opportunity to enter into any business venture as owner, partner, consultant or other capacity, while the restrictions in Sections 5 and/or 6 of this Agreement are in effect, I agree to inform my potential employer, partner, co- owner and/or others involved in managing the business I have an opportunity to be associated with, of my obligations under this Agreement and to provide such person or persons with a copy of this Agreement. I agree to inform Company of all employment and business ventures which I enter into while the restrictions described in Sections 5 and/or 6 of this Agreement are in effect and I authorize Company to provide copies of this Agreement to my employer, partner, co-owner and/or others involved in managing the business I have an opportunity to be associated with and to make such persons aware of my obligations under this Agreement. 

13. General Provisions . 

Governing Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction . This Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to any conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction. I expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in Colorado for any lawsuit filed there against me by Company arising from or related to this Agreement. 
 Severability . If any portion of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be construed as if such provision had never been contained in this Agreement. If any portion of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it will be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent allowed by the then applicable law. 
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is for my benefit and the benefit of Company and its and their successors, assigns, parent corporations, subsidiaries, affiliates, and purchasers, and will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. 
 Survival . This Agreement will survive the termination of my employment, regardless of the reason, and the assignment of this Agreement by Company to any successor in interest or other assignee. 
 Employment At-Will . I understand and agree that nothing in this Agreement will change my at-will employment status or confer any right with respect to continuation of employment by Company, nor will it interfere in any way with my right or Company s right to terminate my employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. 
 Waiver . No waiver by Company of any breach of this Agreement will be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by Company of any right under this Agreement will be construed as a waiver of any other right. Company will not be required to give notice to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement. 
 Export . I agree not to export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Company or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 Advice of Counsel . I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT 
 8 

WILL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 Entire Agreement . The obligations in Sections 1 and 2 (except Section 2.2 with respect to a consulting relationship) of this Agreement will apply to any time during which I was previously engaged, or am in the future engaged, by Company as a consultant, employee or other service provider if no other agreement governs nondisclosure and assignment of inventions during such period. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between us, provided , however , if, prior to execution of this Agreement, Company and I were parties to any agreement regarding the subject matter hereof, that agreement will be superseded by this Agreement prospectively only. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party to be charged. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. 
 
 [Signatures to follow on next page] 
 9 

For Colorado Employees 
 This Agreement will be effective as of the date signed by the Employee below. 

(Signature) EMPLOYER: S W Seed Company	EMPLOYEE: Mark Herrmann 

(Signature) 
 Mark Herrmann 
 
 (Printed Name)	(Printed Name) 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 (Title)	(Date Signed) 
 
 PRIOR INVENTIONS 
 1. Prior Inventions Disclosure . Except as listed in Section 2 below, the following is a complete list of all Prior Inventions: 

No Prior Inventions. 
 See below: 

Additional sheets attached. 
 2. Due to a prior confidentiality agreement, I cannot complete the disclosure under Section 1 above with respect to the Prior Inventions generally listed below, the intellectual property rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to the following party(ies): 

Excluded Invention	 	 	Party(ies)	 	Relationship 
 
 1. 	 	 	 

2. 	 	 	 

3. 	 	 	 

Additional sheets attached. 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 4
 sanw-ex10_47.htm
 EX-10.47

EX-10.47 

Exhibit 10.47 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (this Third Amendment made and entered into as of the 3 rd day of July 2024, but effective as of July 1, 2024, is by and among S W Seed Company, a Nevada corporation S W Seed together with any other party joined as a borrower under the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined), each individually a Borrower and collectively referred to as Borrowers ), the other Loan Parties hereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, the Lenders ), and CIBC BANK USA (in its individual capacity, CIBC US ), as administrative agent for the Lenders Administrative Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H : 
 
 W HEREAS , prior hereto, Administrative Agent and Lenders provided loans, extensions of credit and other financial accommodations to Borrowers pursuant to (a) that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 22, 2023, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 2023, and that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 13, 2024, each by and among Lenders, Borrowers, the other Loan Parties thereto and Administrative Agent (collectively, the Loan Agreement ), and (b) the other documents, agreements and instruments referenced in the Loan Agreement or executed and delivered pursuant thereto; 
 W HEREAS , Borrowers desire Administrative Agent and Lenders to, among other things, (a) extend the Maturity Date from August 31, 2024 to October 31, 2024, (b) modify the Total Revolving Loan Commitment, and (c) modify the Eligible Inventory Sublimit (as hereinafter defined) (the Additional Financial Accommodations ); and 
 
 Whereas, Administrative Agent and Lenders are willing to provide the Additional Financial Accommodations, but solely on the terms and subject to the provisions set forth in this Third Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments referenced herein or executed and delivered pursuant hereto. 
 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises and understandings of the parties hereto set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Administrative Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and the other Loan Parties hereto hereby agree as set forth in this Third Amendment. 
 
 I. Definitions . 

A. Use of Defined Terms . Except as expressly set forth in this Third Amendment, all terms which have an initial capital letter where not required by the rules of grammar are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement. 

B. Amended Definitions . Effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by substituting the definitions set forth below for the corresponding definitions set forth in the Loan Agreement: 

Eligible Inventory Sublimit shall mean: (a) from July 1, 2024, through July 14, 2024, 
 8,500,000.00, (b) from July 15, 2024, through August 14, 2024, 7,500,000.00, (c) from August 15, 2024, through September 15, 2024, 7,000,000.00, (d) from September 16, 2024, through 
 September 29, 2024, 6,500,000.00, and (e) from September 30, 2024, through the Maturity Date, 5,000,000.00, or, in each case, such higher or lower number as may be determined by Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that (a) the Eligible Inventory Sublimit shall automatically decrease by the amount of the proceeds of the Specified Letter of Credit received by Administrative Agent and applied to the Revolving Loans in accordance with 

Section 2.3.3(c) effective upon Administrative Agent s receipt of such proceeds, (b) for so long as the Specified Letter of Credit is outstanding, Administrative Agent shall not decrease the Eligible Inventory Sublimit to an amount that is less than the proceeds available to be drawn under the Specified Letter of Credit, and (c) Borrowers may voluntarily reduce the Eligible Inventory Sublimit to 5,000,000.00 upon providing three (3) Business Days prior written notice to Administrative Agent, which reduction shall become effective upon Administrative Agent s written acknowledgment of such notice. 
 
 Maturity Date shall mean August 31, 2024, and shall be automatically extended to October 31, 2024, provided that Administrative Agent receives (i) the L/C Extension (as hereinafter defined) and (ii) evidence of the Remedial UCC Filing (as hereinafter defined), in each case, by not later than July 15, 2024, and no Event of Default then exists. L/C Extension means an amendment to the Specified Letter of Credit issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. extending the expiration date thereof to not earlier than November 30, 2024, and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Remedial UCC Filing means a termination or amendment of the collateral description of that certain UCC-1 financing statement number 2023354183-0 filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 9, 2023, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent in Administrative Agent s sole discretion. 
 Total Revolving Loan Commitment shall mean: (a) from July 1, 2024, through July 31, 2024, an amount equal to Twenty Million and No/100 Dollars 20,000,000.00), (b) from August 1, 2024, through September 1, 2024, an amount equal to Eighteen Million Five Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars 18,500,000.00), (c) from September 2, 2024, through September 15, 2024, an amount equal to Seventeen Million Five Hundred Thousand and No/100 Dollars 17,500,000.00), (d) from September 16, 2024, through October 9, 2024, an amount equal to Fifteen Million and No/100 Dollars 15,000,000.00), and (e) from October 10, 2024 through the Maturity Date, an amount equal to Thirteen Million and No/100 Dollars 13,000,000.00), except, in each case, as such amounts may be increased or, upon the occurrence and at all times during the continuance of an Event of Default, decreased by Required Lenders in their sole discretion. 
 C. New Definition . Effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new definition thereto in the appropriate alphabetical order: 

Third Amendment Effective Date shall mean July 1, 2024. 
 
 II. Amendment to Loan Agreement . Effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, Section 

4.3 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by adding new Sections 4.3.7, 4.3.8 and 4.3.9 thereto immediately following Section 4.3.6 as follows: 
 
 4.3.7. Eligible Inventory Sublimit Fee . Borrowers jointly and severally shall pay to Administrative Agent a monthly fully earned, non-refundable fee equal to Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000.00) (the Eligible Inventory Sublimit Fee beginning July 1, 2024, and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter during the term of this Agreement; provided, however, Borrowers shall not be required to pay such fee effective from and after the first day of the month immediately following the reduction of the Eligible Inventory Sublimit to Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00). 
 
 4.3.8. Immediate Loan Modification Fee . Borrowers jointly and severally shall pay to Administrative Agent a fully earned and non-refundable Loan modification fee in the amount of Fifteen Thousand Dollars 15,000.00) which fee is fully earned and due and payable on the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 2 

4.3.9 Additional Fee . Borrowers jointly and severally shall pay to Administrative Agent a fully earned and non-refundable additional Loan modification fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 25,000.00) which fee is fully earned as of the Third Amendment Effective Date and payable on October 1, 2024; provided, however, such additional Loan modification fee shall be waived by Administrative Agent if the Obligations are repaid in full and this Agreement is terminated on or before September 30, 2024. 
 III. Conditions Precedent . Administrative Agent s and Lenders obligations to provide the Additional Financial Accommodations to Borrowers are subject to the full and timely performance of the following covenants prior to or contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Third Amendment: 

A. Borrowers executing and delivering, or causing to be executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the following documents, each of which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders: 

(i) a fully-executed original of this Third Amendment; 

(ii) a fully-executed Note in favor of CIBC US, in form and substance satisfactory to CIBC US; 

(iii) a fully executed Company General Certificate of S W Seed dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to CIBC US; and 

(iv) such other agreements, documents and instruments as Administrative Agent or Lenders may reasonably request. 

B. No Default or Event of Default exists under the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Third Amendment, or any of the other Loan Documents; 

C. No claims, litigation, arbitration proceedings or governmental proceedings not disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the date hereof shall be pending or known to be threatened against Borrowers or any other Loan Party and no known material development not so disclosed shall have occurred in any claims, litigation, arbitration proceedings or governmental proceedings so disclosed which in the opinion of Administrative Agent is likely to materially or adversely affect the financial position or business of Borrowers or any other Loan Party or the capability of Borrowers to pay their obligations and liabilities to Administrative Agent and Lenders; and 

D. There shall have been no Material Adverse Effect since the date of each Borrower s most recent financial statements delivered to Administrative Agent. 

IV. Post-Closing Covenants . 

A. Borrowers hereby covenant and agree to deliver to Administrative Agent the L/C Extension on or before July 15, 2024. Borrowers failure to comply with the terms of this Section IV.A. by the date specified herein shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Loan Agreement. 

B. Borrowers acknowledge and agree that a certain UCC-1 financing statement number 2023354183-0 filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 9, 2023 (the Subject UCC Filing includes a collateral description that is not permitted by Section 6 of the Loan Agreement. Borrowers hereby covenant and agree to deliver to Administrative Agent, on or before July 15, 2024, evidence of a termination or amendment of the collateral description, with respect to the Subject UCC Filing, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent in Administrative Agent s sole discretion. Borrowers failure to comply with the terms of this Section IV.B. by the date specified herein shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Loan Agreement. 

C. Borrowers shall provide immediate written notice to Administrative Agent of (i) any 

3 

declaration of default issued by National Australia Bank in connection with S W Seed Australia s obligations under the Seed Australia Loan Documents, or (ii) Borrower having knowledge with respect to the Seed Australia Loan Documents of any of the following: (a) any acceleration by National Australia Bank of the loans or other obligations evidenced by the Seed Australia Loan Documents, (b) any demand for payment issued by National Australia Bank under the Seed Australia Guaranty, and (c) the exercise or threatened exercise by Australia National Bank of any other rights or remedies arising with respect to any defaults under the Seed Australia Loan Documents. 

4 

D. Borrowers hereby covenant and agree to deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate of good standing of S W Seed from the Secretary of State of Kansas on or before July 31, 2024. Borrowers failure to comply with the terms of this Section IV.D. by the date specified herein shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Loan Agreement. 

V. Organizational Information . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and Lenders that as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, (a) the formation and organizational documents of each such Loan Party attached to the Company General Certificate dated as of March 22, 2023, executed and delivered by each such Loan Party to Administrative Agent and Lenders (the Certificate ), have not been modified or altered in any way, (b) the resolutions attached to the Certificate have not been modified, rescinded or altered in any way and are sufficient to authorize the execution and delivery of this Third Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection herewith, and (c) each Loan Party is and continues to be in good standing in the state of its formation and in all other states where it is qualified or licensed to do business in which the laws thereof require such Loan Party to be so qualified or licensed except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect. 

VI. Conflict . If, and to the extent, the terms and provisions of this Third Amendment contradict or conflict with the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Third Amendment shall govern and control; provided, however, to the extent the terms and provisions of this Third Amendment do not contradict or conflict with the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Third Amendment, shall remain in and have its intended full force and effect, and Lenders, Administrative Agent and Borrowers hereby affirm, confirm and ratify the same. 

VII. Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Third Amendment shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid and enforceable under applicable law, but if any provision of this Third Amendment is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed herefrom and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Third Amendment, the balance of which shall remain in and have its intended full force and effect. Provided, however, if such provision may be modified so as to be valid and enforceable as a matter of law, such provision shall be deemed to be modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

VIII. Reaffirmation . Each Loan Party hereby reaffirms and remakes all of its respective representations, warranties, covenants, duties, obligations and liabilities contained in the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, and the other Loan Documents. 

IX. Fees, Costs and Expenses . Borrowers agree to pay, upon demand, all fees, costs and expenses of Administrative Agent and Lenders, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Third Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection herewith or pursuant hereto. 

X. Reservation of Rights . Administrative Agent and Lenders reserve all of their rights and remedies, including all security interests, assignments and liens pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as well as any rights and remedies at law, in equity or otherwise. Nothing contained in this 

5 

Third Amendment shall be or be deemed a waiver of any presently existing or any hereafter arising or occurring breach, default or event of default, nor shall preclude the subsequent exercise of any of Administrative Agent s or Lenders rights or remedies. 
 
 XI. Choice of Law . This Third Amendment has been delivered and accepted in Chicago, Illinois, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law as to all matters, including matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies. 

XII. Counterpart . This Third Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile or email transmitted executed counterpart to this Third Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments executed in connection herewith will be deemed an acceptable original for purposes of consummating this Third Amendment and such other agreements, documents and instruments; provided, however, each Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be required to deliver to the Administrative Agent original executed signature pages in substitution for said facsimile or email transmitted signature pages upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor. 

XIII. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, ANY NOTE, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND ANY OTHER AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. 

[signature page follows] 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Administrative Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and each other Loan Party have caused this Third Amendmert to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first set forth above. 

BORROWERS: 
 
 S W SEED COMPANY, 
 a Nevada corporation 

CIBC BANK USA, 
 as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 
 
 By: /s/ Dylan Horvitz 
 Name: Dylan Horvitz 
 Title : Officer 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 5
 sanw-ex10_48.htm
 EX-10.48

EX-10.48 

Exhibit 10.48 
 Execution Version 

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY 
 AGREEMENT, dated as of July 15, 2024	 Amendment is entered into by and between S W SEED COMPANY, a Nevada		 Borrowe r ), and MFP PARTNERS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Lender ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lender are parties to that certain Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, that certain Second Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2022, that certain Third Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2023, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, Loan Agreement ); and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 12.7 of the Loan Agreement, the parties hereto have agreed to amend certain terms of the Loan Agreement as hereinafter provided in Section 2 , subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to effectiveness set forth in Section 3 hereof. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Definitions . Except as otherwise defined in this Amendment, terms defined in the Loan Agreement are used herein as defined therein. 
 Section 2. Amendment . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment, but effective as of the date hereof, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as set forth in Annex A hereto (stricken text shall be deleted from the Loan Agreement (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and double-underlined text shall be added to the Loan Agreement (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text or double-underlined text )). 
 Section 3. Conditions Precedent . The amendments set forth in Section 2 shall become effective upon receipt by the Lender of counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower and Lender (such date of receipt, the Fourth Amendment Effective Date . 
 Section 4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) References in the Loan Agreement (including references to the Loan 

amended by this Amendment. 
 (b) This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for purposes of the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and except as specifically modified by this. 

Amendment, the Loan Agreement, and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a forbearance, waiver, consent or amendment of any other provision of, or operate as a forbearance or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lender under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, all of which are ratified and reaffirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. This Amendment does not constitute a novation of rights, obligations and liabilities of the respective parties existing under the Loan Documents. 

(d) This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

(e) This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment in ele a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Each party hereto agrees and acknowledges that (i) the transaction consisting of this Amendment may be conducted by electronic means, (ii) 

Amendment using an electronic signature, it is signing, adopting and accepting this Amendment and that signing this Amendment using an electronic signature is the legal equivalent of having placed its handwritten signature on this Amendment on paper and (iii) it is being provided with an electronic or paper copy of this Amendment in a usable format. 
 (f) This Amendment, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the final agreement between the parties hereto and thereto and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

-2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to the Loan Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 BORROWER: 
 S W SEED COMPANY 

/s/ Vanessa Baughman	 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement] 

LENDER : 
 
 MFP PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 By: MFP Investors LLC, its General Partner 
 
 Title: 

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement] 

ANNEX A 
 Amended Loan Agreement [see attached] 

Not a legal document Conformed copy through the Third Fourth Amendment March 
 21 July 15 , 2023 2024 . 
 
 THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT ARE SUBORDINATED TO THE PRIOR PAYMENT IN FULL OF THE SENIOR DEBT AND THE TERMINATION OF THE SENIOR COMMITMENT (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO) PURSUANT TO, AND TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN, THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 22, 2022, BY AND AMONG CIBC BANK USA, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT FOR THE SENIOR CREDITOR, THE SENIOR LENDER PARTY THERETO, AND MFP PARTNERS, L.P., A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (THE CIBC SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT ). 
 SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 THIS	SUBORDINATE	LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT	 (this 
 Agreement dated as of September 22, 2022 (the Effective Date between MFP PARTNERS, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership Lender ), and S W SEED COMPANY , a Nevada corporation Borrower ), provides the terms on which Lender shall lend to Borrower and Borrower shall repay Lender. The parties agree as follows: 
 1 ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS 

Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall be construed following GAAP. Calculations and determinations must be made following GAAP.	Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 . All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. 
 2 LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 

2.1 Promise to Pay . Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay Lender the outstanding principal amount of all Credit Extensions and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon as and when due in accordance with this Agreement, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement. 

2.2 Specified Letter of Credit; Term Advances. 

(a) Specified Letter of Credit . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Effective Date, Lender shall provide the Specified Letter of Credit to CIBC. 

(b) Availability . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Lender shall make advances (each a Term Advance , and collectively, the Term Advances to Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount. Each Term Advance shall bear interest from the Funding Date thereof for so long as any part of such Term Advance remains outstanding. 

(c) Repayment . Borrower shall not be required to make any principal payments prior to the Maturity Date. The entire unpaid principal balance of the Term Advances, and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date, or 

such earlier date as the same may become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in each case to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement. 
 (d) Prepayment . To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower may prepay all or any portion of the Term Advances at any time without penalty or premium, provided that Borrower may not reborrow any amount so prepaid. 

2.3 Payment of Interest on the Credit Extensions . 

(a) Interest Rate; Payment .	Subject to Sections 2.3(b) and 2.3(d) , the principal amount outstanding for each Term Advance shall accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR-based Rate.	To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, accrued interest on the Term Advances, if any, shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date in cash, and upon the payment or prepayment of the Term Advances (on the principal amount being so paid or prepaid); provided that interest payable at the Default Rate shall also be payable in cash from time to time on demand by the Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 50 of the interest payable for each applicable period shall be payable in kind by capitalizing and adding such interest to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Advances on such Payment Date PIK Interest ); provided , that the Borrower may, at its option, irrevocably elect, by written notice to the Lender prior to any Payment Date, to decrease the rate of interest per annum capitalized as PIK Interest for such Payment Date by paying such amount in cash, or that no PIK Interest will be capitalized for such Payment Date, and, in each case, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower will pay such amount of interest that is owing and not capitalized as PIK Interest in cash as regular interest on such Payment Date. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, PIK Interest capitalized pursuant to this Section 2.3(a) shall constitute a portion of the principal amount outstanding of the Term Advances hereunder and shall bear interest in accordance with this Section 2.3 and all references herein or in any other Loan Document to the principal amount of the loans shall include all interest accrued and capitalized as a result of any payment of PIK Interest. Any PIK Interest shall automatically be capitalized on the applicable Payment Date in accordance with the foregoing. 

(b) Default Rate . Immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is two percentage points (2.0 above the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto (the Default Rate ). Fees and expenses which are required to be paid by Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Lender Expenses) but are not paid when due, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, shall bear interest until paid at a rate equal to the highest rate applicable to the Obligations. Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this Section 2.3(b) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Lender. 

(c) Interest Computation .	Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. In computing interest, (i) all payments 

2 

received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on any day shall be deemed received at the opening of business on the next Business Day, and (ii) the date of the making of any Credit Extension shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided , however, that if any Credit Extension is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included in computing interest on such Credit Extension. 
 (d) Additional Provisions Regarding Term SOFR-based Advances . If Lender shall have determined that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant market, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate for any Interest Period, Lender shall give written notice thereof to Borrower. If such notice is given (x) any Term SOFR-based Advances made thereafter shall be made as Prime-based Advances, and 

(y) any outstanding Term SOFR-based Advances shall be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to Prime-based Advances, in each case until Lender withdraws such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, in the event that (i) the Index is permanently or indefinitely unavailable or unascertainable, (ii) the Index can no longer be lawfully relied upon in contracts of this nature by any or all of the parties, or (iii) the Index does not accurately and fairly reflect the cost of making or maintaining the type of loans or advances under this Agreement and in any such case, such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, then all references to the interest rate herein will instead be to Daily Simple SOFR, and if Lender is unable to determine or ascertain Daily Simple SOFR (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error), then to a replacement rate selected by mutual agreement of the Lender and the Borrower, each including any adjustment to the replacement rate to reflect a different credit spread, term or other mathematical adjustment agreed by Lender and Borrower. Lender and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to determine such replacement rate as applicable pursuant to the preceding sentence, which will be effective on the date of the earliest event set forth in clauses (i)-(iii) of this paragraph. Lender and Borrower may also from time to time, in their mutual discretion, make any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length or applicability of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) Conforming Changes that Lender and Borrower collectively decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such replacement rate and to permit the administration of the loans in an administratively and operationally practicable manner. 
 2.4 Fees; Warrants; Lender Expenses. 

(a) Letter of Credit Fee. To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower shall pay Lender, through the Specified Letter of Credit Maturity Date, a cash fee equal to 4.25 per annum on all amounts remaining undrawn under the Specified Letter of Credit, such fee to be paid quarterly in arrears. 

(b) Warrants. 

i. On the Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the Initial Warrant to Lender, to purchase 500,000 shares of the Borrower s common stock (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Initial Warrant). 

3 

ii. On the First Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the First Amendment Warrant to Lender, to purchase 166,700 shares of the Borrower s common stock. 

iii. On the Second Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the Second Amendment Warrant to Lender, to purchase 666,700 shares of the Borrower s common stock. 

iv. On the Third Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the Third Amendment Warrant to Lender, to purchase 1,300,000 shares of the Borrower s common stock. 

v. Within five business days of each Bank Draw, the Borrower shall issue Lender an Additional Warrant to purchase shares of the Borrower s common stock, for such number of shares of the Borrower s common stock as is equal to (A) the product of: (x) the amount of such Bank Draw multiplied by (y) 40 , divided by (B) 1.60. Upon the issuance of each Additional Warrant, the Initial Warrant shall become exercisable for a lesser number of shares as provided in the Initial Warrant. 

(c) Lender Expenses. To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Lender Expenses (including reasonable and documented (x) attorneys fees and expenses for documentation, negotiation and enforcement of this Agreement incurred through and after the Effective Date; and (y) all fees charged by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in connection with issuing and/or maintaining the Specified Letter of Credit), when due (or, if no stated due date, upon demand by Lender). Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or in a separate writing by Lender, Borrower shall not be entitled to any credit, rebate, or repayment of any Lender Expenses owed by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement or the suspension or termination of Lender s obligation to make loans and advances hereunder. 

2.5 Payments; Application of Payments; Debit of Accounts. 

(a) All payments to be made by Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made in immediately available funds in Dollars to Lender at Lender s office in immediately available funds on the date due, without setoff or counterclaim, before 3:00 p.m. Pacific time. Payments of principal and/or interest received after 3:00 p.m. Pacific time are considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When a payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall be due the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid. 

(b) Lender has the exclusive right to determine the order and manner in which all payments with respect to the Obligations may be applied. Borrower shall have no right to specify the order or the accounts to which Lender shall allocate or apply any payments required 

4 

to be made by Borrower to Lender or otherwise received by Lender under this Agreement when any such allocation or application is not specified elsewhere in this Agreement. 
 2.6 Withholding. Payments received by Lender from Borrower under this Agreement will be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority (including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto). Specifically, however, if at any time any Governmental Authority, applicable law, regulation or international agreement requires Borrower to make any withholding or deduction from any such payment or other sum payable hereunder to Lender, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the amount due from Borrower with respect to such payment or other sum payable hereunder will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of such required withholding or deduction, Lender receives a net sum equal to the sum which it would have received had no withholding or deduction been required, and Borrower shall pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority. Borrower will, upon request, furnish Lender with proof reasonably satisfactory to Lender indicating that Borrower has made such withholding payment; provided , however, that Borrower need not make any withholding payment if the amount or validity of such withholding payment is contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and as to which payment in full is bonded against by Borrower. The agreements and obligations of Borrower contained in this Section 2.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

3 CONDITIONS OF LOANS 

3.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective upon Lender s receipt of the following: 

(a) duly executed signatures to the Loan Documents, the Specified Letter of Credit and the Initial Warrant; 

(b) the Operating Documents and long-form good standing certificates of Borrower certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of Borrower s jurisdiction of organization or formation and each jurisdiction in which Borrower is qualified to conduct business, each as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date; 

(c) duly executed signatures to the completed Borrowing Resolutions for 

Borrower; 
 (d) a subordination agreement by and between CIBC and Lender, together 

with the duly executed signatures thereto (the Subordination Agreement ); 
 (e) certified copies, dated as of a recent date, of financing statement searches, as Lender may request, accompanied by written evidence (including any UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been terminated or released; and 

(f) payment of the fees and Lender Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.4 hereof. 

5 

3.2 Making of Term Advances . Immediately upon the occurrence of any Bank Draw, Lender shall be deemed to have made a Term Advance in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of such Bank Draw. Lender shall notify Borrower in writing of the making of any Term Advance pursuant to this Section 3.2 and the principal amount thereof in accordance with Section 10 of this Agreement by 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on the first (1st) Business Day following the later of (i) the applicable Funding Date, or (ii) the date on which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the issuer under the Specified Letter of Credit, notifies Lender that a Bank Draw has been made. 

4 CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST 

4.1 Grant of Security Interest . Borrower hereby grants Lender, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Lender, the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. 

If this Agreement is terminated, Lender s Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, but, for the avoidance of doubt, including indemnity obligations owing from Borrower on the date of such termination pursuant to Section 12.3 are repaid in full in cash. Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations and at such time as Lender s obligation to make Credit Extensions has terminated, Lender shall, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, release its Liens in the Collateral and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower. 
 4.2 Priority of Security Interest . Borrower represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at all times continue to be (a) subject and subordinate to the prior security interest granted to CIBC, as set forth in the CIBC Loan Documents, and (b) otherwise a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (subject only to Permitted Liens that may have superior priority to Lender s Lien under this Agreement). 

4.3 Authorization to File Financing Statements . Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to file financing statements, without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect or protect Lender s interest or rights hereunder, including a notice that any disposition of the Collateral, by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Lender under the Code. 

5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 
 5.1 Due Organization, Authorization; Power and Authority . Borrower is duly existing and in good standing in the State of Nevada, being its jurisdiction of formation, and is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. If 

6 

Borrower is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of such occurrence and provide Lender with Borrower s organizational identification number. 
 The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents and Specified Letter of Credit to which it is a party have been duly authorized, and do not (i) conflict with any of Borrower s organizational documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Requirement of Law, (iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their property or assets may be bound or affected, (iv) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect or (v) conflict with, contravene, constitute a default or breach under, or result in or permit the termination or acceleration of, any material agreement by which Borrower is bound. Borrower is not in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound in which the default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 
 5.2 Collateral . Borrower has good title to, rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien hereunder, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens. Schedule 5.2 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Liens existing on the Effective Date. 

5.3 Litigation . There are no actions or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, threatened in writing by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which would reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change. 

5.4 Solvency . Borrower is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature. 

5.5 Regulatory Compliance .	Borrower is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Borrower is not engaged as one of its important activities in extending credit for margin stock (under Regulations X, T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors). Borrower (a) has complied in all material respects with all Requirements of Law, and (b) has not violated any Requirements of Law the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. None of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries properties or assets has been used by Borrower or any Subsidiary or, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, by previous Persons, in disposing, producing, storing, treating, or transporting any hazardous substance other than legally. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all Government Authorities that are necessary to continue their respective businesses as currently conducted. 

5.6 Subsidiaries; Investments . Borrower does not own any stock, partnership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities except for Permitted Investments. Schedule 

7 

5.6 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Investments (including, without limitation, Subsidiaries), existing on the Effective Date. 
 5.7 Tax Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions . Borrower has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower except (a) to the extent such taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, or (b) if such taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change. 

To the extent Borrower defers payment of any contested taxes, Borrower shall (i) notify Lender in writing of the commencement of, and any material development in, the proceedings, and (ii) post bonds or take any other steps required to prevent the governmental authority levying such contested taxes from obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral that is other than a Permitted Lien. Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any of Borrower s prior tax years which could result in additional taxes becoming due and payable by Borrower, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 
 5.8 Use of Proceeds . Term Advances shall be made available to Borrower for the sole purpose of covering the principal amount of any Bank Draw as set forth in Section 3.2 . 

5.9 Full Disclosure . No written representation, warranty or other statement of Borrower in any certificate or written statement given to Lender, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all such written certificates and written statements given to Lender, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the certificates or statements not misleading (it being recognized by Lender that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results). 

5.12 Definition of Knowledge . For purposes of the Loan Documents, whenever a representation or warranty is made to Borrower s knowledge or awareness, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, or with a similar qualification, knowledge or awareness means the actual knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of any Responsible Officer. 
 6 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Borrower shall do all of the following: 
 6.1 Government Compliance . 

(a) Maintain its and all its Subsidiaries legal existence and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of formation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 

8 

Borrower shall comply, and have each Subsidiary comply, in all material respects, with all laws, ordinances and regulations to which it is subject. 
 (b) Obtain all of the Governmental Approvals necessary for the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the grant of a security interest to Lender in the Collateral. Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such obtained Governmental Approvals to Lender. 

6.2 Notices and Financial Information . Provide Lender with the following: 

(a) Legal Action Notice . A prompt report of any legal actions pending or threatened in writing against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change; and 

(b) Financial Information .	Financial information reasonably requested by 

Lender. 
 6.3 Taxes; Pensions . Timely file, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely file, all required tax returns and reports and timely pay, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, except for deferred payment of any taxes contested pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7 hereof, and shall deliver to Lender, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting to such payments, and pay all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms. 

6.4 Insurance . 

(a) Keep its business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard for companies in Borrower s industry and location and as Lender may reasonably request. Insurance policies shall be in a form, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of Borrower, and in amounts that are satisfactory to Lender. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause all property policies to have a lender s loss payable endorsement showing Lender as an additional loss payee. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause all liability policies to show, or have endorsements showing, Lender as an additional insured. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause Lender to be named as lender loss payee and/or additional insured with respect to any such insurance providing coverage in respect of any Collateral. 

(b) At Lender s request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of insurance policies and evidence of all premium payments. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause each provider of any such insurance to agree, by endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to Lender, that it will give Lender thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be materially altered or canceled. If Borrower fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 6.4 or to pay any amount or furnish any required proof of payment to third persons and Lender, Lender may make all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required in this Section 6.4 , and take any action under the policies Lender deems prudent. 

9 

6.5 Litigation Cooperation . From the date hereof and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make available to Lender, without expense to Lender, Borrower and its officers, employees and agents and Borrower s books and records, to the extent that Lender may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or proceeding instituted by or against Lender with respect to any Collateral or relating to Borrower. 

6.6 Access to Collateral; Books and Records . Allow Lender, or its agents, at reasonable times, on two (2) Business Days notice (provided no notice is required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to inspect the Collateral and audit and copy Borrower s Books. Such inspections or audits shall be conducted no more often than twice during the term of this Agreement unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in which case such inspections and audits shall occur as often as Lender shall determine is necessary. The foregoing inspections and audits shall be at Borrower s expense. 

6.7 Further Assurances . Execute any further instruments and take further action as Lender reasonably requests to perfect or continue Lender s Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 

7 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Borrower shall not do any of the following without Lender s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in Lender s sole and absolute discretion: 
 7.1 Dispositions . Convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer all or any part of the Collateral, except for Transfers (a) of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) of worn-out or obsolete equipment that is, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business of Borrower; (c) consisting of Permitted Liens and Permitted Investments; (d) consisting of the sale or issuance of any stock of Borrower permitted under Section 7.2 of this Agreement; (e) consisting of Borrower s use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of its business for the payment of ordinary course business expenses in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (f) of non-exclusive licenses for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and licenses that could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property but that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discreet geographical areas outside of the United States and (g) any other Transfers permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. 

7.2 Changes in Business, Management, Control, or Business Locations . 

(a) Engage in or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and such Subsidiary, as applicable, or reasonably related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve; or (c) (i) fail to provide notice to Lender of any Key Person departing from or ceasing to be employed by Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after their departure from Borrower; or (ii) permit or suffer any Change of Control. 
 7.3 Mergers or Acquisitions . Merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to 

10 

acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) except to the extent permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. 
 7.4 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. Schedule 7.4 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date. 

7.5 Encumbrance . Create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on any of the Collateral except for Permitted Liens or permit any Collateral not to be subject to the security interest granted herein. 

7.6 Distributions; Investments . (a) Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock except to the extent permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents; or (b) directly or indirectly make any Investment (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) other than Permitted Investments. 

7.7 Transactions with Affiliates . Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower, except for this Agreement and transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrower s business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-affiliated Person. 

7.8 Subordinated Debt . (a) Make or permit any payment on any Subordinated Debt, except under the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which such Subordinated Debt is subject, or (b) amend any provision in any document relating to the Subordinated Debt which would increase the amount thereof, provide for earlier or greater principal, interest, or other payments thereon, or adversely affect the subordination thereof to Obligations owed to Lender. 

7.9 Compliance . Become an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company , under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose; fail to (a) meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, (b) prevent a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, from occurring, or (c) comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, the failure of any of the conditions described in clauses (a) through (c) which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; or violate any other law or regulation, if the violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; withdraw or permit any Subsidiary to withdraw from participation in, permit partial or complete termination of, or permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other governmental agency. 

8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

11 

Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an Event of Default under this Agreement: 
 8.1 Payment Default . To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower fails to (a) make any payment of principal or interest on any Credit Extension when due, or (b) pay any other Obligations within three (3) Business Days after such Obligations are due and payable (which three (3) Business Day cure period shall not apply to payments due on the Maturity Date). During the cure period, the failure to make or pay any payment specified under clause (b) hereunder is not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be made during the cure period); 

8.2 Covenant Default . 

(a) Borrower fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 6.2 , 6.3 , 6.4 , or 

6.5 or violates any covenant in Section 7 ; or 
 (b) Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep, or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents, and as to any default (other than those specified in Section 8.2(a) and Sections 8.3 through 8.9 under such other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement that can be cured, has failed to cure the default within ten (10) days after the occurrence thereof; provided , however, that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten (10) day period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such ten (10) day period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an additional period (which shall not in any case exceed ten (10) days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to cure the default shall not be deemed an Event of Default (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during such cure period); 

8.3 Material Adverse Change . A Material Adverse Change occurs; 

8.4 Insolvency . (a) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is unable to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they become due or otherwise becomes insolvent; (b) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (c) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days (but no Credit Extensions shall be made while any of the conditions described in clause (a) exist and/or until any Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed); 

8.5 Other Agreements . There is under any agreement to which Borrower is a party with a third party or parties (including the CIBC Loan Documents), any default resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of One Million Dollars 1,000,000); provided , however, that any failure to comply with this Section 8.5 shall not be deemed an Event of Default if such breach or default under such other agreement shall be cured or waived within ten (10) days of Borrower s receipt of written notice thereof; 

8.6 Judgments; Penalties . One or more fines, penalties or final judgments, orders or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least Five 

12 

Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) (not covered by independent third-party insurance as to 

13 

which liability has been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall be rendered against Borrower by any Governmental Authority, and the same are not, within ten (10) days after the entry, assessment or issuance thereof, discharged, satisfied or paid, or after execution thereof, stayed or bonded pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration of any such stay (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the satisfaction, payment, discharge, stay, or bonding of such fine, penalty, judgment, order or decree); 
 8.7 Misrepresentations . Borrower or any Person acting for Borrower makes any representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any writing delivered to Lender or to induce Lender to enter this Agreement or any Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect when made; 

8.8 Subordinated Debt . The Obligations shall for any reason not have the priority contemplated by this Agreement or the Subordination Agreement; or 

8.9 Governmental Approvals. Any Governmental Approval shall have been 

(a) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse manner or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term or (b) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a hearing with respect to any applications for renewal of any of such Governmental Approval or that could result in the Governmental Authority taking any of the actions described in clause (a) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal 
 (i) cause, or could reasonably be expected to cause, a Material Adverse Change, or (ii) adversely affects the legal qualifications of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold such Governmental Approval in any applicable jurisdiction and such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal could reasonably be expected to affect the status of or legal qualifications of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold any Governmental Approval in any other jurisdiction. 
 9 LENDER S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 

9.1 Rights and Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, without notice or demand, do any or all of the following: 

(a) declare all Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 8.4 occurs all Obligations are immediately due and payable without any action by Lender); 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) verify the amount of, demand payment of and performance under, and collect any Accounts and General Intangibles, settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that Lender considers advisable, and notify any Person owing Borrower money of Lender s security interest in such funds; 

(d) make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if Lender requests and make it available as Lender designates. Lender may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the 

14 

Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses incurred. Borrower grants Lender a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of Lender s rights or remedies; 
 (e) apply to the Obligations any (i) balances and deposits of Borrower it holds or controls, or (ii) any amount held or controlled by Lender owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower; 

(f) place a hold on any account maintained with Lender and/or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any Collateral; 

(g) demand and receive possession of Borrower s Books; and 

(h) exercise all rights and remedies available to Lender under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof). 

9.2 Power of Attorney . Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (a) endorse Borrower s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security; 

(b) sign Borrower s name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Accounts directly with Account Debtors, for amounts and on terms Lender determines reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower s insurance policies; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into the name of Lender or a third party as the Code permits. Borrower hereby appoints Lender as its lawful attorney-in-fact to sign Borrower s name on any documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of Lender s security interest in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations have been satisfied in full and Lender is under no further obligation to make Credit Extensions hereunder. Lender s foregoing appointment as Borrower s attorney in fact, and all of Lender s rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations have been fully repaid and performed and Lender s obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates. 
 9.3 Protective Payments .	If Borrower fails to obtain the insurance called for by Section 6.4 or fails to pay any premium thereon or fails to pay any other amount which Borrower is obligated to pay under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or which may be required to preserve the Collateral, Lender may obtain such insurance or make such payment, and all amounts so paid by Lender are Lender Expenses and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the then highest rate applicable to the Obligations, and secured by the Collateral. Lender will make reasonable efforts to provide Borrower with notice of Lender obtaining such insurance at the time it is obtained or within a reasonable time thereafter. No payments by 

15 

Lender are deemed an agreement to make similar payments in the future or Lender s waiver of any Event of Default. 
 9.4 Application of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default . If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Lender shall have the right to apply in any order any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Accounts or other disposition of the Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations. Lender shall pay any surplus to Borrower by credit to an account designated by Borrower or to other Persons legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Lender for any deficiency. If Lender, directly or indirectly, enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of Collateral, Lender shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of the purchase price or deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by Lender of cash therefor. 

9.5 Lender s Liability for Collateral . If Lender takes possession or control of the Collateral pursuant to the terms of this Agreement after an Event of Default, so long as Lender complies with reasonable banking practices regarding the safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of Lender (for the avoidance of doubt, the reference to control in this sentence shall not mean constructive control solely as a result of entering into this Agreement), Lender shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; 

(b) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (c) any diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral. 
 9.6 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative . Lender s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Lender thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the party granting the waiver and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Lender has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. Lender s exercise of one right or remedy is not an election and shall not preclude Lender from exercising any other remedy under this Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and Lender s waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. Lender s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence. 

9.7 Demand Waiver . Borrower waives demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by Lender on which Borrower is liable. 

10 NOTICES 

All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt 
 16 

requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or 
 (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address or email address indicated below. Lender or Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 10 . 
 If to Borrower:	S W Seed Company 
 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd, Suite 201 
 Longmont, CO 80501 
 Attn: 
 Email: 
 If to Lender:	MFP Partners, L.P. 
 909 Third Ave., 33 rd Floor New York, NY 10022 
 Attn: 
 Email: 
 11 CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE 

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR IT TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. 
 This Section 11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

12.1 Termination Prior to Maturity Date; Survival . All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Obligations have been satisfied. So long as Borrower has satisfied the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement), this Agreement may be terminated prior to the Maturity Date by Borrower, effective three (3) Business Days after written notice of termination is given to Lender. Those obligations that are expressly specified in this Agreement 

17 

as surviving this Agreement s termination shall continue to survive notwithstanding this Agreement s termination. 
 12.2 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party. Borrower may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Lender s prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in Lender s discretion). Lender has the right, without the consent of or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, negotiate, or grant participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Lender s obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, any assignee of all or any part of Lender s interest in and of Lender s obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be deemed a Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that in such case, determinations of Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be based on the decision of the Lender or Lenders holding a majority in interest of the Obligations; and, provided further that in the event that Lender sells a participation to any Person (each, a Participant in all or any part of Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (i) such Participant shall not be deemed a Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (ii) Lender s obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (iii) Lender shall remain solely responsible to Borrower for the performance of such obligations, and (iv) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with Lender in connection with Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

12.3 Indemnification . Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Lender (and, for the avoidance of doubt, Lender s assignees) and its (and any such assignee s) directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, or any other Person affiliated with or representing Lender (or its assignee) (each, an Indemnified Person harmless against: (i) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities (collectively, Claims claimed or asserted by any other party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; and (ii) all losses or expenses (including Lender Expenses) in any way suffered, incurred, or paid by such Indemnified Person as a result of, following from, consequential to, or arising from transactions between Lender and Borrower (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses), except for Claims and/or losses directly caused by such Indemnified Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

This Section 12.3 shall survive until all statutes of limitation with respect to the Claims, losses, and expenses for which indemnity is given shall have run. 
 12.4 Time of Essence . Time is of the essence for the performance of all Obligations in this Agreement. 

12.5 Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision. 

12.6 Correction of Loan Documents . Lender may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in the Loan Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties. 

12.7 Amendments in Writing; Waiver; Integration . No purported amendment or modification of any Loan Document, or waiver, discharge or termination of any obligation 

18 

under any Loan Document, shall be enforceable or admissible unless, and only to the extent, expressly set forth in a writing signed by the party against which enforcement or admission is sought. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no oral promise or statement, nor any action, inaction, delay, failure to require performance or course of conduct shall operate as, or evidence, an amendment, supplement or waiver or have any other effect on any Loan Document. Any waiver granted shall be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other circumstance, whether similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence, any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver. The Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the subject matter of the Loan Documents merge into the Loan Documents. 

12.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. 

12.9 Confidentiality . In handling any confidential information, Lender shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises for its own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (a) to Lender s Subsidiaries or Affiliates (such Subsidiaries and Affiliates, together with Lender, collectively, Lender Entities ); (b) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions (provided, however, Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any prospective transferee s or purchaser s agreement to the terms of this provision); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to Lender s regulators or as otherwise required in connection with Lender s examination or audit; 

19 

(e) as Lender considers appropriate in exercising remedies under the Loan Documents; and (f) to third-party service providers of Lender so long as such service providers have executed a confidentiality agreement with Lender or are otherwise subject to a duty of confidentiality, with terms no less restrictive than those contained herein. Confidential information does not include information that is either: (i) in the public domain or in Lender s possession when disclosed to Lender, or becomes part of the public domain (other than as a result of its disclosure by Lender in violation of this Agreement) after disclosure to Lender; or (ii) disclosed to Lender by a third party, if Lender does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. 
 Lender Entities may use anonymous forms of confidential information for aggregate datasets, for analyses or reporting, and for any other uses not expressly prohibited in writing by Borrower. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 12.10 Attorneys Fees, Costs and Expenses . In any action or proceeding between Borrower and Lender arising out of or relating to the Loan Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred, in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled. 

12.11 Electronic Execution of Documents . The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

12.12 Captions . The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

12.13 Construction of Agreement . The parties mutually acknowledge that they and their attorneys have participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties caused the uncertainty to exist. 

12.14 Relationship . The relationship of the parties to this Agreement is determined solely by the provisions of this Agreement. The parties do not intend to create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust, fiduciary or other relationship with duties or incidents different from those of parties to an arm s-length contract. 

12.15 Third Parties . Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: (a) confer any benefits, rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the express parties to it, Indemnified Persons and their respective permitted successors and assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any person not an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement. 

20 

13 DEFINITIONS 

13.1 Definitions . As used in the Loan Documents, the word shall is mandatory, the word may is permissive, the word or is not exclusive, the words includes and including are not limiting, the singular includes the plural, and numbers denoting amounts that are set off in brackets are negative. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings: 

Account is any account as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to Borrower. 
 Account Debtor is any account debtor as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
 Additional Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-2 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 21 

Affiliate is, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person s senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Person s managers and members. 
 Agreement is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 Available Amount is Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000). 
 Bank Draw is any draw down by CIBC under the terms of the Specified Letter of 
 Credit. 
 Borrower is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 Borrower s Books are all Borrower s books and records including ledgers, federal and 
 state tax returns, records regarding Borrower s assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information. 
 Borrowing Resolutions are, with respect to any Person, those resolutions substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 Business Day is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Lender is 
 closed. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally 
 guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition; (b) commercial paper maturing no more than one 
 (1) year after its creation and having the highest rating from either Standard Poor s Ratings Group or Moody s Investors Service, Inc.; and (c) money market funds at least ninety-five percent (95 of the assets of which constitute Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in clauses (a) and (b) of this definition. 
 Change of Control means any event, transaction, or occurrence as a result of which any person (as such term is defined in Sections 3(a)(9) and 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than MFP Partners, L.P. or a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of Borrower, is or becomes a beneficial owner (within the meaning Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Borrower, representing more than forty percent (40 or more of the combined voting power of Borrower s then outstanding securities; provided that if Borrower and CIBC amend the definition of Change of Control in the CIBC Loan Documents with the purpose or effect of waiving a Change of Control with respect to a particular investor, event, transaction, or occurrence, upon the written request of Borrower or Lender, the definition of Change of Control in this Agreement shall be waived or amended in a similar manner. 
 CIBC is CIBC Bank USA. 
 22 

CIBC Loan Documents are that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2023, among the Borrower, the other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and CIBC, as administrative agent for the lenders, together with all other documents, instruments and other agreements entered into in connection therewith, all as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Claims is defined in Section 12.3 . 
 Code is the New York Uniform Commercial Code . 
 Collateral is all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as defined in the CIBC Loan Documents). 
 Conforming Changes is defined in Section 2.3 . 
 Contingent Obligation is, for any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for (a) any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another such as an obligation, in each case, directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (b) any obligations for undrawn letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; but Contingent Obligation does not include endorsements in the ordinary course of business. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability for it determined by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement. 
 Copyrights are any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret. 
 Credit Extension is any Term Advance or any other extension of credit by Lender for Borrower s benefit. 
 Daily Simple SOFR is the Daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate for any day (i) if such day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, published on such day or (ii) if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, published on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such day, in each case, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or successor administrator) and displayed by Bloomberg LP (or any successor thereto, or replacement thereof, as approved by Lender) and as determined by Lender. 
 Default Rate is defined in Section 2.3(b) . 
 Determination Date is, with respect to a Term SOFR-based Advance, the day such Term SOFR-based Advance is made or the last day of the Interest Period of a Term SOFR-based 
 23 

Advance, as applicable; provided that if any Determination Date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the rate applicable on such Determination Date shall be the rate for the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Disclosure Letter is that certain Disclosure Letter of even date herewith, delivered to Lender by Borrower on the date hereof. 
 Dollars , dollars or use of the sign are only lawful money of the United States and not any other currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful money of the United States. 
 Effective Date is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 ERISA is the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its regulations. Event of Default is defined in Section 8 . 
 Exchange Act is the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. First Amendment Effective Date is October 28, 2022. 
 First Amendment Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-3 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Funding Date is any date on which a Credit Extension is made to or for the account of Borrower. 
 GAAP is generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination; provided , that with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 840 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018 shall be applied. 
 General Intangibles is all general intangibles as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all Intellectual Property, claims, income and other tax refunds, security and other deposits, payment intangibles, contract rights, options to purchase or sell real or personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including without limitation key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of insurance and rights to payment of any kind. 
 24 

Governmental Approval is any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority. 
 Governmental Authority is any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization. 
 Indebtedness is (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds and letters of credit, 
 (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations, and (d) Contingent Obligations. 

Indemnified Person is defined in Section 12.3 . 
 Index is defined in the definition of Term SOFR Rate. 
 Initial Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Insolvency Proceeding is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief. 
 Intellectual Property is, with respect to any Person, means all of such Person s right, title, and interest in and to the following: 
 (a) its Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents; 

(b) any and all trade secrets and trade secret rights, including, without limitation, any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, operating manuals; 

(c) any and all source code; 

(d) any and all design rights which may be available to such Person; 

(e) any and all claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement of the Intellectual Property rights identified above; and 

(f) all amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents. 

25 

Interest Period is, for each Term SOFR-based Advance, a period of three (3) months; provided that Borrower may at any time elect any other Interest Period then available in the SOFR market (e.g., a period of one (1) month) by written notice to Lender, which election shall take effect commencing with the immediately following Interest Period; provided , further , that the last day of each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practices of the SOFR market as from time to time in effect. Any Term SOFR-based Advances shall automatically continue for the same Interest Period upon the last day of the applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrower otherwise elects in accordance with the first proviso of the preceding sentence. 
 Inventory is all inventory as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out of Borrower s custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above. 
 Investment is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including stock, partnership interest or other securities), and any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person. 
 Key Person is Borrower s Chief Financial Officer, who is Betsy Horton as of the Effective Date. 
 Lender is defined in the preamble hereof. Lender Entities is defined in Section 12.9 . 
 Lender Expenses are all audit fees and expenses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing the Loan Documents and Specified Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred with respect to Borrower. 
 Lien is a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property. 
 Loan Documents are, collectively, this Agreement, any schedules, exhibits, certificates, notices, and any other documents related to this Agreement, the Specified Letter of Credit, any subordination agreement, including the Subordination Agreement, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by Borrower, and any other present or future agreement by Borrower with or for the benefit of Lender in connection with this Agreement, all as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. 
 Material Adverse Change is (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Lender s Lien in the Collateral or in the value of such Collateral; (b) a material adverse change 
 26 

in the business, operations, or financial condition of Borrower; or (c) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations. 
 Maturity Date is March 30 May 31 , 2025. 
 Obligations are Borrower s obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, fees, Lender Expenses, and other amounts Borrower owes Lender now or later, whether under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, including, without limitation, all obligations relating to letters of credit (including reimbursement obligations for drawn and undrawn letters of credit), cash management services, and foreign exchange contracts, if any, and including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower assigned to Lender, and to perform Borrower s duties under the Loan Documents. 
 Operating Documents are, for any Person, such Person s formation documents, as certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of such Person s jurisdiction of organization on a date that is no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date, and, 
 (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 
 Participant is defined in Section 12.2 . 
 Patents are all patents, patent applications and like protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same. 
 Payment Date is (i) March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year (provided, that if such date is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day), and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 Permitted Indebtedness is: 
 (a) Borrower s Indebtedness to Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and disclosed to Lender in writing; 

(c) Indebtedness owing to CIBC (and any co-lender under the CIBC Loan Documents) pursuant to the CIBC Loan Documents; 

(d) All Indebtedness permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents; and 

(e) Subordinated Debt. 

27 

Permitted Investments are: 
 (a) Investments (including, without limitation, Subsidiaries) existing on the Effective Date and disclosed to Lender in writing; and 

(b) All Investments permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. Permitted Liens are: 

(a) Liens existing on the Effective Date and disclosed to Lender in writing or arising under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and 

(b) All Liens permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. 

Person is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency. 
 PIK Interest is defined in Section 2.3(a) . 
 Prime-based Advance is a Term Advance which bears interest at the Prime-based 
 Rate. 
 Prime-based Rate is, for any Interest Period for a Prime Rate-based Advanced, a rate 
 per annum equal to the sum of (1) the Prime Rate for such Interest Period, plus (2) 6.25 . 
 Prime Rate is the greater of (i) highest rate published from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate and (ii) 1.25 ; provided , that in the event the Wall Street Journal ceases to publish the Prime Rate, the Lender and Borrower shall mutually agree on an alternative Prime Rate, which Prime Rate shall be the base, reference or other rate then recognized and utilized by the United States commercial loan market for general commercial loan reference purposes. 
 Registered Organization is any registered organization as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
 Requirement of Law is as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Responsible Officer is any of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Borrower. 
 SEC is the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date is December 22, 2022. 
 28 

Second Amendment Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-4 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Specified Letter of Credit is that certain Letter of Credit No. NUSCGS044349 issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of the Lender, in the original amount of 
 9,000,000, as amended on the First Amendment Effective Date to increase such amount to 
 12,000,000, and as further amended on the Third Amendment Effective Date to increase such amount to 13,000,000 , and as further amended on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date to extend its expiry date to November 30, 2024 . 
 Specified Letter of Credit Maturity Date is September 20 November 30 , 2024 or such earlier date as the Specified Letter of Credit is terminated. 
 Subordination Agreement is defined in Section 3.1(d) . 
 Subordinated Debt is indebtedness incurred by Borrower subordinated to all of Borrower s now or hereafter indebtedness to Lender (pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender entered into between Lender and the other creditor), on terms acceptable to Lender. 
 Subsidiary is, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower. 
 Term Advance is defined in Section 2.2(b) . 
 Term SOFR Rate is, for any Interest Period for a Term SOFR-based Advance, the greater of (i) the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such Interest Period, as administrated by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or successor administrator) and displayed by Bloomberg LP (or any successor thereto, or replacement thereof, as reasonably selected by Bank) and as determined by Bank on each Determination Date (the Index and (ii) 1.25 . 
 Term SOFR-based Advance is a Term Advance which bears interest at the Term SOFR-based Rate. 
 Term SOFR-based Rate is, for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (1) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (2) 9.25 . 
 Third Amendment Effective Date is March 21, 2023. 
 29 

Third Amendment Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-5 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Trademarks are any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the same and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrower connected with and symbolized by such trademarks. 
 Transfer is defined in Section 7.1 . 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day is any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 [ Signature page follows. ] 
 30 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date. 
 BORROWER: 
 S W SEED COMPANY 
 By 	 Name: Betsy Horton 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

LENDER: 
 MFP PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 By: MFP Investors LLC, its General Partner 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Signature page to Loan and Security Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 CORPORATE BORROWING CERTIFICATE 

B ORROWER : S W SEED COMPANY	D ATE : [ ] 
 LENDER:	MFP PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 I hereby certify as follows, as of the date set forth above: 
 
 1. I am the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other officer of Borrower. My title is as set forth below. 

2. Borrower s exact legal name is set forth above. Borrower is a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

3. The following resolutions were duly and validly adopted by Borrower s Board of Directors at a duly held meeting of such directors (or pursuant to a unanimous written consent or other authorized corporate action). Such resolutions are in full force and effect as of the date hereof and have not been in any way modified, repealed, rescinded, amended or revoked, and MFP Partners, 

L.P. Lender may rely on them until Lender receives written notice of revocation from Borrower. 
 
 R ESOLVED , that any one of the following officers or employees of Borrower, whose names, titles and signatures are below, may act on behalf of Borrower: 

Name 	 Title 

Signature 
 Authorized to Add or Remove Signatories 

R ESOLVED F URTHER , that any one of the persons designated above with a checked box beside his or her name may, from time to time, add or remove any individuals to and from the above list of persons authorized to act on behalf of Borrower. 
 Resolved Further, that such individuals may, on behalf of Borrower: 
 
 Borrow Money . Borrow money from Lender. 
 Execute Loan Documents . Execute any loan documents Lender requires. 
 Grant Security . Grant Lender a security interest in any of Borrower s assets. 
 Negotiate Items . Negotiate or discount all drafts, trade acceptances, promissory notes, or other indebtedness in which Borrower has an interest and receive cash or otherwise use the proceeds. 
 Further Acts . Designate other individuals to request advances, pay fees and costs and execute other documents or agreements (including documents or agreement that waive Borrower s right to a jury trial) they believe to be necessary to effect these resolutions. 
 
 Resolved Further, that all acts authorized by the above resolutions and any prior acts relating thereto are ratified. 
 
 5. The persons listed above are Borrower's officers or employees with their titles and signatures shown next to their names. 

By: 	 Name: 	 Title: 	 

If the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other certifying officer executing above is designated by the resolutions set forth in paragraph 4 as one of the authorized signing officers, this Certificate must also be signed by a second authorized officer or director of Borrower. 

I, the 	 of Borrower, hereby certify as to paragraphs 1 through 5 above, as of the date set forth above. 

By: 	 Name: 	 Title: 	 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 
 FORM OF INITIAL WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-2 
 
 FORM OF ADDITIONAL WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-3 
 
 FORM OF FIRST AMENDMENT WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-4 
 
 FORM OF SECOND AMENDMENT WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-5 
 
 FORM OF THIRD AMENDMENT WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 6
 sanw-ex10_49.htm
 EX-10.49

EX-10.49 

Exhibit 10.49 
 CIBC 
 July 31, 2024 
 
 VIA FEDEX AND ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
 
 S W Seed Company 
 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd., Suite 201 
 Longmont, CO 80501 
 Attention: Ms. Vanessa Baughman 
 Re:	CIBC Bank USA - S W Seed Company 
 Ms. Baughman: 
 
 Reference is hereby made to (i) that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 22, 2023, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 2023, that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 13, 2024, and that certain Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 3, 2024, but effective as of July 1, 2024, each by and among S W Seed Company, a Nevada corporation S W Seed together with any other party joined as a borrower under the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined), each individually a Borrower and collectively referred to as Borrowers ), the other Loan Parties thereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties thereto (together with their respective successor and assigns, the Lenders ), and CIBC Bank USA, as administrative agent for the Lenders Administrative Agent (as may be further amended, restated or otherwise modified to date, collectively, the Loan Agreement and (ii) the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection with the foregoing, including any amendments or modification to any of the foregoing (the Loan Agreement, the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith are collectively the Loan Documents ). Except as expressly set forth in this waiver letter (this Waiver Letter ), all terms which have an initial capital letter where not required by the rules of grammar are defined in the Loan Agreement. 
 By their acknowledgment below, Borrowers acknowledge and agree with Administrative Agent that (i) certain events of default exist under the Seed Australia Loan Documents as of the date hereof, including the filing of an insolvency proceeding by S W Seed Australia (the S W Seed Australia Insolvency Proceeding ), which constitutes an Event of Default under Section 
 15.15 of the Loan Agreement (the Existing Default ), and (ii) as a result of the Existing Default, Administrative Agent has the right to immediately exercise such of its rights and remedies as it deems appropriate, whether pursuant to the Loan Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise. Borrowers hereby represent and warrant to Administrative Agent that no breach, default, Default or Event of Default exists under the Loan Documents as of the date of this Waiver Letter, other than the Existing Default described above under Section 15.15 of the Loan Agreement. 

Administrative Agent, Lenders, and, by their acknowledgment below, Borrowers, hereby acknowledge and agree that the occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the Loan Agreement, without notice or demand of any kind (collectively, the Additional Defaults ): 
 1. Any notice of default and/or demand for payment under the Seed Australia Guarantee is issued by National Australia Bank; 

2. The institution of any legal proceedings by National Australia Bank against any Borrower; and 

3. National Australia Bank takes any other judicial or non-judicial action under the Seed Australia Guarantee or otherwise against any Borrower in connection with the Seed Australia Guarantee. 

By their acknowledgement below, Borrowers hereby covenant and agree that they shall 
 (i) immediately provide Administrative Agent with written notice of the occurrence of any Additional Default and (ii) on the first Business Day of each week, provide Administrative Agent with a written update, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, addressing (a) the S W Seed Australia Insolvency Proceeding and/or any actions or communications from National Australia Bank with respect to the S W Seed Australia Insolvency Proceeding or the Seed Australia Guarantee, and (b) any actions or progress in furtherance of a sale of S W Seed Australia or all or any material part of its business. 
 
 Borrowers have requested that Administrative Agent waive the Existing Default. In entering into this Waiver Letter, Administrative Agent is relying upon the foregoing representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made by Borrowers to Administrative Agent. Provided Borrowers execute and deliver to Administrative Agent a duplicate copy of this Waiver Letter, Administrative Agent hereby waives the Existing Default. 
 
 This Waiver Letter shall not be deemed (i) a waiver by Administrative Agent of any Event of Default, other than the Existing Default, (ii) a waiver of any reoccurrence of any action that constitutes an Existing Default, or (iii) to affect or waive any of Administrative Agent's rights or remedies pursuant to the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, whether at law, in equity or otherwise, other than with respect to the Existing Default. Except as otherwise expressed herein, (i) the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect, and (ii) Administrative Agent hereby reserves the right to require strict compliance with all terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, and the other Loan Documents. 
 [signature page follows] 

-2- 

This Waiver Letter may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile or email transmitted executed counterpart to this Waiver Letter will be deemed an acceptable original for purposes of consummating this Waiver Letter; provided, however, Borrowers shall be required to deliver to Administrative Agent original executed signature pages in substitution for said facsimile or email transmitted signature pages upon Administrative Agent's request therefor. 
 Regards, 
 
 CIBC BANK USA, 
 as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By:	 /s/ Dylan Horvitz 
 Name: Dylan Horvit z 
 Title: Officer 

cc:	 Victor A. Des Laurier, Esq., Thompson Coburn LLP (via electronic delivery) 

[Signature page to Default Waiver Letter] 

Acknowledged and Agreed to as of the date first set forth above. 
 
 BORROWERS: 
 
 S W SEED COMPANY 
 a Nevada Corporation 
 By: /s/Vanessa Baughman 
 Vanessa Baughman, Chief Financial Officer 

[Acknowledgment page to Default Waiver Letter] 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 7
 sanw-ex10_50.htm
 EX-10.50

EX-10.50 

Exhibit 10.51 
 October 31, 2024 S W Seed Company 
 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd, Ste 201 
 Longmont, CO 80501 
 
 RE: Covenant Amendment and Waiver (the Amendment and Waiver for Loan #1545 (the Loan 
 
 Dear Mr. Herrmann: 
 
 Pursuant to the Loan Agreement dated June 20, 2023, between S W SEED COMPANY (hereinafter referred to as the Borrower ), and AGAMERICA LENDING LLC, as assigned to AGAMERICA GA1, LLC (hereinafter referred to as Lender ), Article I, Section 1.01 states: 
 
 CIBC Loan Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of March 22, 2023, by and between Borrower and Operating Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Operating Lender means (CIBC Bank USA, and its successors and/or assigns. 
 
 Operating Lender Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement between Lender and Operating Lender dated as of the Closing Date. 
 Lender has granted approval to amend the definition as hereinafter described: 
 
 ABL Opco Agreement means that certain Credit and Security Agreement, by and between Borrower and Operating Lender, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Operating Lender means (ABL Opco LLC, and its successors and/or assigns. 
 
 Operating Lender Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement between Lender and Operating Lender dated as of October 30, 2024. 

Additionally, Article IV, Section 5.01, Item (d) states: 
 
 Reporting Requirements. Furnish to Lender. 
 
 1 

(i) as soon as available and in any event no later than 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, 

(1) Consolidated financial statements for such Fiscal Year, including balance sheets, statements of income and statement of cash flow of Borrower and its subsidiaries audited by Crowe LLP or other independent certified public accountants selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Lender; 

(2) Unaudited Consolidated financial statements for such Fiscal Year, including a balance sheet, statements of income and statement of cash flow of Borrower and its subsidiaries; 

(3) 

(4) Consolidated 12-month projection of financial statements for the next FiscalYear, including a balancesheet, statements of incomeand statement of cash flows of Borrower; and 

(5) 

(6) any other financial statements for such Fiscal Year of all subsidiaries or affiliates of the Borrower filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as reasonably requested by Lender. 

(7) 

Lender has granted approval of a one-time waiver of this requirement. 
 Except as expressly specifically set forth herein,this Amendment and Waiver shall not be deemed to amend or alter in any respect the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or to constitute a waiver or release by Lender of any right, remedy, collateral, default or event of default under any of the Loan Documents, except to the extent specifically set forth herein. Furthermore, this Amendment and Waiver shall not affect in any manner whatsoever any rights or remedies of Lender with respect to any other non-compliance by the Borrower with the Loan Documents, whether in the nature of a default or event of default, and whether now in existence or subsequently arising, and shall not apply to any other transaction. 
 By signing and returning a counterpart of this letter to the Lender, the Borrower acknowledge their acceptance of the terms of this letter. This letter shall not become effective unless and until countersigned by the Loan Parties and returned to the Lender. 
 
 [Borrower and Lender acknowledgement on next page] 
 2 

[Signature page to Amendment and Waiver Letter] Agreed to and acknowledged this day of 	 2024. BORROWER: 
 S W SEED COMPANY, 
 a Nevada corporation 

Name: Mark Herrmann 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 LENDER: 
 
 AGAMERICA GA1, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By: AgAmerica Mortgage Trust, LLC, its member By: AgAmerica Lending Fund, LLC, its sole member By: AgAmerica Lending LLC, its manager 

Name: Theodore R. M. Miller Title: Director of Closing 
 3 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 8
 sanw-ex10_51.htm
 EX-10.51

EX-10.51 

Exhibit 10.51 
 
 10/31/24 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 	This Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (this Fourth Amendment made and entered into as of the 31 st day of October, 2024, is by and among S W Seed Company, a Nevada corporation S W Seed together with any other party joined as a borrower under the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined), each individually a Borrower and collectively referred to as Borrowers ), the other Loan Parties hereto, the financial institutions that are or may from time to time become parties hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, the Lenders ), and CIBC Bank USA (in its individual capacity, CIBC US ), as administrative agent for the Lenders Administrative Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H : 
 
 Whereas, prior hereto, Administrative Agent and Lenders provided loans, extensions of credit and other financial accommodations to Borrowers pursuant to (a) that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 22, 2023, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 2023, that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 13, 2024, and that certain Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 3, 2024, but effective as of July 1, 2024, each by and among Lenders, Borrowers, the other Loan Parties thereto and Administrative Agent (collectively, the Loan Agreement ), and (b) the other documents, agreements and instruments referenced in the Loan Agreement or executed and delivered pursuant thereto; 
 
 Whereas, Borrowers desire Administrative Agent and Lenders to, among other things, extend the Maturity Date (the Additional Financial Accommodations ); and 
 
 Whereas, Administrative Agent and Lenders are willing to provide the Additional Financial Accommodations, but solely on the terms and subject to the provisions set forth in this Fourth Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments referenced herein or executed and delivered pursuant hereto. 
 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises and understandings of the parties hereto set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Administrative Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and the other Loan Parties hereto hereby agree as set forth in this Fourth Amendment. 
 
 I.	 Definitions . 
 
 A.	 Use of Defined Terms . Except as expressly set forth in this Fourth Amendment, all terms which have an initial capital letter where not required by the rules of grammar are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement. 
 
 	B.	 Amended Definitions .	Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by substituting the definitions set forth below for the corresponding definitions set forth in the Loan Agreement: 

Eligible Inventory Sublimit shall mean 5,000,000 through the Maturity Date, or such lower number as may be determined by Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that (a) the Eligible Inventory Sublimit shall automatically decrease by the amount of the proceeds of the Specified Letter of Credit received by Administrative Agent and applied to the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.3.3(c) effective upon Administrative Agent s receipt of such proceeds, and (b) for so long as the Specified Letter of Credit is outstanding, Administrative Agent shall not decrease the Eligible Inventory Sublimit to an amount that is less than 5,000,000. 
 Maturity Date shall mean November 8, 2024, and, provided that Administrative Agent receives the Specified L/C Modification by not later than November 8, 2024, and no Event of Default then exists, shall be automatically extended to November 30, 2024. For purposes of clarification, if the Specified L/C Modification is not delivered to Administrative Agent on or before November 8, 2024, or if an Event of Default exists as of November 8, 2024, then the Maturity Date shall remain November 8, 2024, without notice or action by any party. 
 Total Revolving Loan Commitment shall mean an amount equal to Thirteen Million and No/100 Dollars 13,000,000.00), except, as such amount may, upon the occurrence and at all times during the continuance of an Event of Default, decreased by Required Lenders in their sole discretion. 
 
 C.	 New Definitions . Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new definitions thereto in the appropriate alphabetical order, respectively: 
 
 Fourth Amendment shall mean that certain Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by and among Lenders, Borrowers, the other Loan Parties thereto and Administrative Agent. 
 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall mean October 31, 2024. 
 
 Specified L/C Modification shall mean an amendment to the Specified Letter of Credit that modifies the Specified Letter of Credit as follows, and is otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent in Administrative Agent s sole discretion: (i) extends the expiration date thereof to not earlier than December 31, 2024, (ii) amends the beneficiary s statement to be delivered in connection with a beneficiary draw request to reflect the language set forth on Exhibit A attached to the Fourth Amendment, and (iii) amends the account party name specified therein to solely reference S W Seed Company, a Nevada corporation. 
 
 II.	 ANNEX I Commitments . Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, Annex 1 attached to the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Annex I in its entirety and substituting therefor Annex 1 attached to this Fourth Amendment. 
 
 III.	 Conditions Precedent . Administrative Agent s and Lenders obligations to provide the Additional Financial Accommodations to Borrowers are subject to the full and timely 
 2 

performance of the following covenants prior to or contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Fourth Amendment: 
 
 	A.	Borrowers executing and delivering, or causing to be executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, the following documents, each of which shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agwent and the Lenders: 
 
 (i)	 a fully-executed original of this Fourth Amendment; 
 
 (ii)	a fully-executed Note in favor of CIBC US, in form and substance satisfactory to CIBC US; and 
 
 (iii)	such other agreements, documents and instruments as Administrative Agent or Lenders may reasonably request. 
 
 B.	 No Default or Event of Default exists under the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Fourth Amendment, or any of the other Loan Documents, other than the Existing Defaults (as hereinafter defined); 
 
 C.	No claims, litigation, arbitration proceedings or governmental proceedings not disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the date hereof shall be pending or known to be threatened against Borrowers or any other Loan Party and no known material development not so disclosed shall have occurred in any claims, litigation, arbitration proceedings or governmental proceedings so disclosed which in the opinion of Administrative Agent is likely to materially or adversely affect the financial position or business of Borrowers or any other Loan Party or the capability of Borrowers to pay their obligations and liabilities to Administrative Agent and Lenders; and 
 
 D.	There shall have been no Material Adverse Effect since the date of each Borrower s most recent financial statements delivered to Administrative Agent. 
 
 IV.	 Organizational Information . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and Lenders that as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, (a) the formation and organizational documents of each such Loan Party attached to the Company General Certificate dated as of March 22, 2023, executed and delivered by each such Loan Party to Administrative Agent and Lenders (the Certificate ), have not been modified or altered in any way, (b) the resolutions attached to the Certificate have not been modified, rescinded or altered in any way and are sufficient to authorize the execution and delivery of this Fourth Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection herewith, and (c) each Loan Party is and continues to be in good standing in the state of its formation and in all other states where it is qualified or licensed to do business in which the laws thereof require such Loan Party to be so qualified or licensed except where the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect. 
 
 V.	 Default Rate . Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that as a result of the Existing Defaults, Administrative Agent and Required Lenders have the right to exercise such of their rights and remedies as they deem advisable in their sole discretion, including, without limitation, implementing an interest rate of two percent (2.0 per annum plus the interest rate otherwise payable thereon pursuant to Section 4.1(b) of the Loan Agreement with respect to the Loans and other Obligations. Administrative Agent, Required Lenders and each Loan Party hereby agree that effective as of September [__], 2024, through the date the Obligations 
 3 

are paid in full, the Loans shall continue to bear interest at the otherwise applicable interest rate for such loans plus two percent (2.0 per annum. 
 
 VI.	 Repayment of Obligations . In the event that the Obligations are not paid in full by Borrowers on or before the Maturity Date, each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that Administrative Agent shall in its sole discretion, for the benefit of Lenders and without notice to Borrowers of any kind, draw on the Specified Letter of Credit on the next Business Day immediately following the Maturity Date (or such later date as determined by Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). Such action shall not preclude or limit Administrative Agent or Lenders rights to pursue additional remedies available pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as well as any rights and remedies at law, in equity or otherwise. 
 
 VII.	 Existing Defaults and Reservation of Rights . The Loan Parties each hereby acknowledge and agree as follows: (a) the following Events of Default currently exist under the Loan Agreement (collectively, the Existing Defaults ): from time to time prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Revolving Loan Outstandings exceeded (i) the Revolving Loan Availability and (ii) the Total Revolving Loan Commitment, in each case, in violation of Section 2.1.1(b) of the Loan Agreement, and (b) as a result of the Existing Defaults, Administrative Agent and the Lenders have the right to immediately exercise such of their rights and remedies pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents as they deem appropriate. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and the Lenders that no Event of Default currently exists other than the Existing Defaults set forth above. Nothing contained in this Fourth Amendment shall be or be deemed a waiver of any presently existing or any hereafter arising or occurring breach, Default or Event of Default (including, without limitation, the Existing Defaults), nor shall it preclude the subsequent exercise of any of Administrative Agent or Lenders rights or remedies arising with respect to the Existing Defaults at any time, without notice. 
 
 VIII.	 Conflict . If, and to the extent, the terms and provisions of this Fourth Amendment contradict or conflict with the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Fourth Amendment shall govern and control; provided, however, to the extent the terms and provisions of this Fourth Amendment do not contradict or conflict with the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Fourth Amendment, shall remain in and have its intended full force and effect, and Lenders, Administrative Agent and Borrowers hereby affirm, confirm and ratify the same. 
 
 IX.	 Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Fourth Amendment shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid and enforceable under applicable law, but if any provision of this Fourth Amendment is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed herefrom and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Fourth Amendment, the balance of which shall remain in and have its intended full force and effect. Provided, however, if such provision may be modified so as to be valid and enforceable as a matter of law, such provision shall be deemed to be modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 
 X.	 Reaffirmation . Each Loan Party hereby reaffirms and remakes all of its respective representations, warranties, covenants, duties, obligations and liabilities contained in the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 XI.	 Fees, Costs and Expenses . 
 4 

A.	Contemporaneously herewith, Borrowers shall pay Lender a fully earned, non-refundable amendment fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars 25,000.00). 
 
 B.	Borrowers acknowledge and agree that the additional Loan modification fee in the amount of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars 25,000.00), which was paid prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, was fully earned as of the Third Amendment Effective Date and is and shall continue to be non-refundable. 
 
 C.	Borrowers agree to pay, upon demand, all fees, costs and expenses of Administrative Agent and Lenders, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Fourth Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection herewith or pursuant hereto. 
 
 XII.	 Reservation of Rights . Administrative Agent and Lenders reserve all of their rights and remedies, including all security interests, assignments and liens pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as well as any rights and remedies at law, in equity or otherwise. Nothing contained in this Fourth Amendment shall be or be deemed a waiver of any presently existing or any hereafter arising or occurring breach, default or event of default, nor shall preclude the subsequent exercise of any of Administrative Agent s or Lenders rights or remedies. 
 
 XIII.	 Choice of Law . This Fourth Amendment has been delivered and accepted in Chicago, Illinois, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law as to all matters, including matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies. 
 
 XIV.	 Counterpart . This Fourth Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile or email transmitted executed counterpart to this Fourth Amendment and the other agreements, documents and instruments executed in connection herewith will be deemed an acceptable original for purposes of consummating this Fourth Amendment and such other agreements, documents and instruments; provided, however, each Borrower and each other Loan Party shall be required to deliver to the Administrative Agent original executed signature pages in substitution for said facsimile or email transmitted signature pages upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor. 
 
 XV.	 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, ANY NOTE, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND ANY OTHER AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH OR ARISING FROM ANY LENDING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. 
 
 XVI.	 WAIVER AND RELEASE . IN CONSIDERATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S AND EACH LENDER S EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT, EACH BORROWER HEREBY, 
 5 

INDIVIDUALLY AND COLLECTIVELY, WAIVES, RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH LENDER, THEIR PREDECESSORS, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, ATTORNEYS, LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND EACH OF THEM (EACH A RELEASED PARTY ), OF AND FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, COUNTERCLAIMS, SET-OFFS, DEFENSES, DEBTS, OBLIGATIONS, COSTS, EXPENSES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION AND DAMAGES OF EVERY KIND, NATURE AND DESCRIPTION WHATSOEVER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE, LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, AND INSURED OR UNINSURED, WHICH BORROWERS HERETOFORE, NOW OR FROM TIME TO TIME HEREAFTER OWN, HOLD OR HAVE BY REASON OF ANY MATTER, CAUSE OR THING WHATSOEVER, ARISING ON OR BEFORE THE DATE OF THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT FROM, RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE OBLIGATIONS, THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT, BORROWERS BANKING OR CASH MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP WITH ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER RELEASED PARTY OR ANY MATTERS RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING. 

[signature pages follow] 
 6 

In Witness Whereof, Administrative Agent, Lenders, Borrowers and each other Loan Party have caused this Fourth Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first set forth above. 
 
 BORROWERS: 

S W SEED COMPANY , a Nevada corporation By: /s/Vanessa Baughman Vanessa Baughman, Chief Financial Officer 

[ Signature page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement ] 

CIBC BANK USA , 
 as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By:	/s/Dylan Horvitz Name: Dylan Horvitz 
 Title: Officer 

[ Signature page to Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement ] 

ANNEX 1 COMMITMENTS 

Lender 
 Revolving Loan Commitment 
 Percentage 

CIBC BANK USA 
 13,000,000.00 
 100.000000000 

Total 
 13,000,000.00 
 100.000000000 

Exhibit A 
 The amount of this drawing USD ___________, under JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. letter of Credit No. NUSCGS044349 represents funds due to CIBC Bank USA, as administrative agent and a lender CIBC ), from S W Seed Company, a Nevada Corporation Borrower under that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 22, 2023, by and among Borrower, CIBC, the other lenders party thereto from time to time, and the other loan parties party thereto from time to time, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time (the Loan Agreement ). This drawing is made and permitted as a result of (i) Borrower failing to meet its obligations to pay certain loans in full upon the first to occur of the acceleration of the maturity of such loans or the scheduled maturity date(s) thereof, or (ii) Borrower filing for state or federal bankruptcy or other insolvency protection. 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 9
 sanw-ex10_52.htm
 EX-10.52

EX-10.52 

Exhibit 10.52 
 
 Execution Version 

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY 
 AGREEMENT, dated as of October 31, 2024 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and between S W SEED COMPANY, a Nevada corporation (the Borrowe r ), and MFP PARTNERS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership the Lender ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lender are parties to that certain Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2022 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, that certain Second Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2022, that certain Third Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2023, that certain Fourth Amendment to Subordinate Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2024, and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ); and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 12.7 of the Loan Agreement, the parties hereto have agreed to amend certain terms of the Loan Agreement as hereinafter provided in Section 2 , subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to effectiveness set forth in Section 3 hereof. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Definitions . Except as otherwise defined in this Amendment, terms defined in the Loan Agreement are used herein as defined therein. 
 Section 2. Amendment . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment, but effective as of the date hereof, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as set forth in Annex A hereto (stricken text shall be deleted from the Loan Agreement (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and double-underlined text shall be added to the Loan Agreement (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text or double-underlined text )). 
 Section 3. Conditions Precedent . The amendments set forth in Section 2 shall become effective upon receipt by the Lender of counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower and Lender (such date of receipt, the Fifth Amendment Effective Date ). 
 Section 4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) References in the Loan Agreement (including references to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby) to this Agreement (and indirect references such as hereunder , hereby , herein and hereof shall be deemed to be references to the Loan Agreement as amended by 

this Amendment. 

(b) This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for purposes of the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and except as specifically modified by this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

(c) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a forbearance, waiver, consent or amendment of any other provision of, or operate as a forbearance or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lender under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, all of which are ratified and reaffirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. This Amendment does not constitute a novation of rights, obligations and liabilities of the respective parties existing under the Loan Documents. 

(d) This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

(e) This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Each party hereto agrees and acknowledges that (i) the transaction consisting of this Amendment may be conducted by electronic means, (ii) it is such party s intent that, if such party signs this Amendment using an electronic signature, it is signing, adopting and accepting this Amendment and that signing this Amendment using an electronic signature is the legal equivalent of having placed its handwritten signature on this Amendment on paper and (iii) it is being provided with an electronic or paper copy of this Amendment in a usable format. 

(f) This Amendment, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the final agreement between the parties hereto and thereto and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to the Loan Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER : 
 
 S W SEED COMPANY 
 
 By: 	 Name: Vanessa Baughman 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

LENDER : 
 
 MFP PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 By: MFP Investors LLC, its General Partner 
 
 By: 	 Name: Timothy E. Ladin 
 Title:	General Counsel and Vice President 

ANNEX A 
 
 Amended Loan Agreement [see attached] 

Not a legal document Conformed copy through the Fourth Fifth Amendment July 
 15 October 31 , 2024) 
 
 THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT ARE SUBORDINATED TO THE PRIOR PAYMENT IN FULL OF THE SENIOR DEBT AND THE TERMINATION OF THE SENIOR COMMITMENT (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO) PURSUANT TO, AND TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED IN, THE SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 22, 2022, BY AND AMONG CIBC BANK USA, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT FOR THE SENIOR CREDITOR, THE SENIOR LENDER PARTY THERETO, AND MFP PARTNERS, L.P., A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (THE CIBC SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT ). 
 SUBORDINATE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 THIS	SUBORDINATE	LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT	 (this 
 Agreement dated as of September 22, 2022 (the Effective Date between MFP PARTNERS, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership Lender ), and S W SEED COMPANY , a Nevada corporation Borrower ), provides the terms on which Lender shall lend to Borrower and Borrower shall repay Lender. The parties agree as follows: 
 1 ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS 

Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall be construed following GAAP. Calculations and determinations must be made following GAAP.	Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 . All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. 
 2 LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 

2.1 Promise to Pay . Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay Lender the outstanding principal amount of all Credit Extensions and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon as and when due in accordance with this Agreement, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement. 

2.2 Specified Letter of Credit; Term Advances. 

(a) Specified Letter of Credit . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Effective Date, Lender shall provide the Specified Letter of Credit to CIBC. 

(b) Availability . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Lender shall make advances (each a Term Advance , and collectively, the Term Advances to Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount. Each Term Advance shall bear interest from the Funding Date thereof for so long as any part of such Term Advance remains outstanding. 

(c) Repayment . Borrower shall not be required to make any principal payments prior to the Maturity Date. The entire unpaid principal balance of the Term Advances, and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date, or 

such earlier date as the same may become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in each case to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement. 
 (d) Prepayment . To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower may prepay all or any portion of the Term Advances at any time without penalty or premium, provided that Borrower may not reborrow any amount so prepaid. 

2.3 Payment of Interest on the Credit Extensions . 

(a) Interest Rate; Payment .	Subject to Sections 2.3(b) and 2.3(d) , the principal amount outstanding for each Term Advance shall accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR-based Rate.	To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, accrued interest on the Term Advances, if any, shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date in cash, and upon the payment or prepayment of the Term Advances (on the principal amount being so paid or prepaid); provided that interest payable at the Default Rate shall also be payable in cash from time to time on demand by the Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 50 of the interest payable for each applicable period shall be payable in kind by capitalizing and adding such interest to the outstanding principal amount of the Term Advances on such Payment Date PIK Interest ); provided , that the Borrower may, at its option, irrevocably elect, by written notice to the Lender prior to any Payment Date, to decrease the rate of interest per annum capitalized as PIK Interest for such Payment Date by paying such amount in cash, or that no PIK Interest will be capitalized for such Payment Date, and, in each case, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower will pay such amount of interest that is owing and not capitalized as PIK Interest in cash as regular interest on such Payment Date. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, PIK Interest capitalized pursuant to this Section 2.3(a) shall constitute a portion of the principal amount outstanding of the Term Advances hereunder and shall bear interest in accordance with this Section 2.3 and all references herein or in any other Loan Document to the principal amount of the loans shall include all interest accrued and capitalized as a result of any payment of PIK Interest. Any PIK Interest shall automatically be capitalized on the applicable Payment Date in accordance with the foregoing. 

(b) Default Rate . Immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is two percentage points (2.0 above the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto (the Default Rate ). Fees and expenses which are required to be paid by Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Lender Expenses) but are not paid when due, to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, shall bear interest until paid at a rate equal to the highest rate applicable to the Obligations. Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this Section 2.3(b) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Lender. 

(c) Interest Computation .	Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. In computing interest, (i) all payments 

2 

received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on any day shall be deemed received at the opening of business on the next Business Day, and (ii) the date of the making of any Credit Extension shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided , however, that if any Credit Extension is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included in computing interest on such Credit Extension. 
 (d) Additional Provisions Regarding Term SOFR-based Advances . If Lender shall have determined that, by reason of circumstances affecting the relevant market, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate for any Interest Period, Lender shall give written notice thereof to Borrower. If such notice is given (x) any Term SOFR-based Advances made thereafter shall be made as Prime-based Advances, and 

(y) any outstanding Term SOFR-based Advances shall be converted, on the last day of the then-current Interest Period, to Prime-based Advances, in each case until Lender withdraws such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, in the event that (i) the Index is permanently or indefinitely unavailable or unascertainable, (ii) the Index can no longer be lawfully relied upon in contracts of this nature by any or all of the parties, or (iii) the Index does not accurately and fairly reflect the cost of making or maintaining the type of loans or advances under this Agreement and in any such case, such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, then all references to the interest rate herein will instead be to Daily Simple SOFR, and if Lender is unable to determine or ascertain Daily Simple SOFR (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error), then to a replacement rate selected by mutual agreement of the Lender and the Borrower, each including any adjustment to the replacement rate to reflect a different credit spread, term or other mathematical adjustment agreed by Lender and Borrower. Lender and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to determine such replacement rate as applicable pursuant to the preceding sentence, which will be effective on the date of the earliest event set forth in clauses (i)-(iii) of this paragraph. Lender and Borrower may also from time to time, in their mutual discretion, make any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length or applicability of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) Conforming Changes that Lender and Borrower collectively decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such replacement rate and to permit the administration of the loans in an administratively and operationally practicable manner. 
 2.4 Fees; Warrants; Lender Expenses. 

(a) Letter of Credit Fee. To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower shall pay Lender, through the Specified Letter of Credit Maturity Date, a cash fee equal to 4.25 per annum on all amounts remaining undrawn under the Specified Letter of Credit, such fee to be paid quarterly in arrears. 

(b) Warrants. 

i. On the Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the Initial Warrant to Lender, to purchase 500,000 shares of the Borrower s common stock (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Initial Warrant). 

3 

ii. On the First Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the First Amendment Warrant to Lender, to purchase 166,700 shares of the Borrower s common stock. 

iii. On the Second Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the Second Amendment Warrant to Lender, to purchase 666,700 shares of the Borrower s common stock. 

iv. On the Third Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall issue the Third Amendment Warrant to Lender, to purchase 1,300,000 shares of the Borrower s common stock. 

v. Within five business days of each Bank Draw, the Borrower shall issue Lender an Additional Warrant to purchase shares of the Borrower s common stock, for such number of shares of the Borrower s common stock as is equal to (A) the product of: (x) the amount of such Bank Draw multiplied by (y) 40 , divided by (B) 1.60. Upon the issuance of each Additional Warrant, the Initial Warrant shall become exercisable for a lesser number of shares as provided in the Initial Warrant. 

(c) Lender Expenses. To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Lender Expenses (including reasonable and documented (x) attorneys fees and expenses for documentation, negotiation and enforcement of this Agreement incurred through and after the Effective Date; and (y) all fees charged by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in connection with issuing and/or maintaining the Specified Letter of Credit), when due (or, if no stated due date, upon demand by Lender). Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or in a separate writing by Lender, Borrower shall not be entitled to any credit, rebate, or repayment of any Lender Expenses owed by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement or the suspension or termination of Lender s obligation to make loans and advances hereunder. 

2.5 Payments; Application of Payments; Debit of Accounts. 

(a) All payments to be made by Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made in immediately available funds in Dollars to Lender at Lender s office in immediately available funds on the date due, without setoff or counterclaim, before 3:00 p.m. Pacific time. Payments of principal and/or interest received after 3:00 p.m. Pacific time are considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When a payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall be due the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid. 

(b) Lender has the exclusive right to determine the order and manner in which all payments with respect to the Obligations may be applied. Borrower shall have no right to specify the order or the accounts to which Lender shall allocate or apply any payments required 

4 

to be made by Borrower to Lender or otherwise received by Lender under this Agreement when any such allocation or application is not specified elsewhere in this Agreement. 
 2.6 Withholding. Payments received by Lender from Borrower under this Agreement will be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority (including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto). Specifically, however, if at any time any Governmental Authority, applicable law, regulation or international agreement requires Borrower to make any withholding or deduction from any such payment or other sum payable hereunder to Lender, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the amount due from Borrower with respect to such payment or other sum payable hereunder will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of such required withholding or deduction, Lender receives a net sum equal to the sum which it would have received had no withholding or deduction been required, and Borrower shall pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority. Borrower will, upon request, furnish Lender with proof reasonably satisfactory to Lender indicating that Borrower has made such withholding payment; provided , however, that Borrower need not make any withholding payment if the amount or validity of such withholding payment is contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and as to which payment in full is bonded against by Borrower. The agreements and obligations of Borrower contained in this Section 2.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

3 CONDITIONS OF LOANS 

3.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective upon Lender s receipt of the following: 

(a) duly executed signatures to the Loan Documents, the Specified Letter of Credit and the Initial Warrant; 

(b) the Operating Documents and long-form good standing certificates of Borrower certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of Borrower s jurisdiction of organization or formation and each jurisdiction in which Borrower is qualified to conduct business, each as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date; 

(c) duly executed signatures to the completed Borrowing Resolutions for 

Borrower; 
 (d) a subordination agreement by and between CIBC and Lender, together 

with the duly executed signatures thereto (the Subordination Agreement ); 
 (e) certified copies, dated as of a recent date, of financing statement searches, as Lender may request, accompanied by written evidence (including any UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been terminated or released; and 

(f) payment of the fees and Lender Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.4 hereof. 

5 

3.2 Making of Term Advances . Immediately upon the occurrence of any Bank Draw, Lender shall be deemed to have made a Term Advance in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of such Bank Draw. Lender shall notify Borrower in writing of the making of any Term Advance pursuant to this Section 3.2 and the principal amount thereof in accordance with Section 10 of this Agreement by 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on the first (1st) Business Day following the later of (i) the applicable Funding Date, or (ii) the date on which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the issuer under the Specified Letter of Credit, notifies Lender that a Bank Draw has been made. 

4 CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST 

4.1 Grant of Security Interest . Borrower hereby grants Lender, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Lender, the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. 

If this Agreement is terminated, Lender s Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, but, for the avoidance of doubt, including indemnity obligations owing from Borrower on the date of such termination pursuant to Section 12.3 are repaid in full in cash. Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations and at such time as Lender s obligation to make Credit Extensions has terminated, Lender shall, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, release its Liens in the Collateral and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower. 
 4.2 Priority of Security Interest . Borrower represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at all times continue to be (a) subject and subordinate to the prior security interest granted to CIBC, as set forth in the CIBC Loan Documents, and (b) otherwise a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (subject only to Permitted Liens that may have superior priority to Lender s Lien under this Agreement). 

4.3 Authorization to File Financing Statements . Borrower hereby authorizes Lender to file financing statements, without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect or protect Lender s interest or rights hereunder, including a notice that any disposition of the Collateral, by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Lender under the Code. 

5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 
 5.1 Due Organization, Authorization; Power and Authority . Borrower is duly existing and in good standing in the State of Nevada, being its jurisdiction of formation, and is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. If 

6 

Borrower is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of such occurrence and provide Lender with Borrower s organizational identification number. 
 The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents and Specified Letter of Credit to which it is a party have been duly authorized, and do not (i) conflict with any of Borrower s organizational documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Requirement of Law, (iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their property or assets may be bound or affected, (iv) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect or (v) conflict with, contravene, constitute a default or breach under, or result in or permit the termination or acceleration of, any material agreement by which Borrower is bound. Borrower is not in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound in which the default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 
 5.2 Collateral . Borrower has good title to, rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien hereunder, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens. Schedule 5.2 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Liens existing on the Effective Date. 

5.3 Litigation . There are no actions or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, threatened in writing by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which would reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change. 

5.4 Solvency . Borrower is able to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they mature. 

5.5 Regulatory Compliance .	Borrower is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Borrower is not engaged as one of its important activities in extending credit for margin stock (under Regulations X, T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors). Borrower (a) has complied in all material respects with all Requirements of Law, and (b) has not violated any Requirements of Law the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. None of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries properties or assets has been used by Borrower or any Subsidiary or, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, by previous Persons, in disposing, producing, storing, treating, or transporting any hazardous substance other than legally. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all Government Authorities that are necessary to continue their respective businesses as currently conducted. 

5.6 Subsidiaries; Investments . Borrower does not own any stock, partnership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities except for Permitted Investments. Schedule 

7 

5.6 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Investments (including, without limitation, Subsidiaries), existing on the Effective Date. 
 5.7 Tax Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions . Borrower has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower except (a) to the extent such taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, or (b) if such taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change. 

To the extent Borrower defers payment of any contested taxes, Borrower shall (i) notify Lender in writing of the commencement of, and any material development in, the proceedings, and (ii) post bonds or take any other steps required to prevent the governmental authority levying such contested taxes from obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral that is other than a Permitted Lien. Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any of Borrower s prior tax years which could result in additional taxes becoming due and payable by Borrower, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 
 5.8 Use of Proceeds . Term Advances shall be made available to Borrower for the sole purpose of covering the principal amount of any Bank Draw as set forth in Section 3.2 . 

5.9 Full Disclosure . No written representation, warranty or other statement of Borrower in any certificate or written statement given to Lender, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all such written certificates and written statements given to Lender, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the certificates or statements not misleading (it being recognized by Lender that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results). 

5.12 Definition of Knowledge . For purposes of the Loan Documents, whenever a representation or warranty is made to Borrower s knowledge or awareness, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, or with a similar qualification, knowledge or awareness means the actual knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of any Responsible Officer. 
 6 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Borrower shall do all of the following: 
 6.1 Government Compliance . 

(a) Maintain its and all its Subsidiaries legal existence and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of formation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. 

8 

Borrower shall comply, and have each Subsidiary comply, in all material respects, with all laws, ordinances and regulations to which it is subject. 
 (b) Obtain all of the Governmental Approvals necessary for the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the grant of a security interest to Lender in the Collateral. Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such obtained Governmental Approvals to Lender. 

6.2 Notices and Financial Information . Provide Lender with the following: 

(a) Legal Action Notice . A prompt report of any legal actions pending or threatened in writing against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change; and 

(b) Financial Information .	Financial information reasonably requested by 

Lender. 
 6.3 Taxes; Pensions . Timely file, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely file, all required tax returns and reports and timely pay, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, except for deferred payment of any taxes contested pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7 hereof, and shall deliver to Lender, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting to such payments, and pay all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms. 

6.4 Insurance . 

(a) Keep its business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard for companies in Borrower s industry and location and as Lender may reasonably request. Insurance policies shall be in a form, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of Borrower, and in amounts that are satisfactory to Lender. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause all property policies to have a lender s loss payable endorsement showing Lender as an additional loss payee. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause all liability policies to show, or have endorsements showing, Lender as an additional insured. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause Lender to be named as lender loss payee and/or additional insured with respect to any such insurance providing coverage in respect of any Collateral. 

(b) At Lender s request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of insurance policies and evidence of all premium payments. Upon Lender s request, Borrower shall cause each provider of any such insurance to agree, by endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to Lender, that it will give Lender thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be materially altered or canceled. If Borrower fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 6.4 or to pay any amount or furnish any required proof of payment to third persons and Lender, Lender may make all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required in this Section 6.4 , and take any action under the policies Lender deems prudent. 

9 

6.5 Litigation Cooperation . From the date hereof and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make available to Lender, without expense to Lender, Borrower and its officers, employees and agents and Borrower s books and records, to the extent that Lender may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or proceeding instituted by or against Lender with respect to any Collateral or relating to Borrower. 

6.6 Access to Collateral; Books and Records . Allow Lender, or its agents, at reasonable times, on two (2) Business Days notice (provided no notice is required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to inspect the Collateral and audit and copy Borrower s Books. Such inspections or audits shall be conducted no more often than twice during the term of this Agreement unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in which case such inspections and audits shall occur as often as Lender shall determine is necessary. The foregoing inspections and audits shall be at Borrower s expense. 

6.7 Further Assurances . Execute any further instruments and take further action as Lender reasonably requests to perfect or continue Lender s Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 

7 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Borrower shall not do any of the following without Lender s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in Lender s sole and absolute discretion: 
 7.1 Dispositions . Convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of (collectively, Transfer all or any part of the Collateral, except for Transfers (a) of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) of worn-out or obsolete equipment that is, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business of Borrower; (c) consisting of Permitted Liens and Permitted Investments; (d) consisting of the sale or issuance of any stock of Borrower permitted under Section 7.2 of this Agreement; (e) consisting of Borrower s use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of its business for the payment of ordinary course business expenses in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (f) of non-exclusive licenses for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and licenses that could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property but that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discreet geographical areas outside of the United States and (g) any other Transfers permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. 

7.2 Changes in Business, Management, Control, or Business Locations . 

(a) Engage in or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and such Subsidiary, as applicable, or reasonably related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve; or (c) (i) fail to provide notice to Lender of any Key Person departing from or ceasing to be employed by Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after their departure from Borrower; or (ii) permit or suffer any Change of Control. 
 7.3 Mergers or Acquisitions . Merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to 

10 

acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) except to the extent permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. 
 7.4 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. Schedule 7.4 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date. 

7.5 Encumbrance . Create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on any of the Collateral except for Permitted Liens or permit any Collateral not to be subject to the security interest granted herein. 

7.6 Distributions; Investments . (a) Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock except to the extent permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents; or (b) directly or indirectly make any Investment (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) other than Permitted Investments. 

7.7 Transactions with Affiliates . Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower, except for this Agreement and transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrower s business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-affiliated Person. 

7.8 Subordinated Debt . (a) Make or permit any payment on any Subordinated Debt, except under the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which such Subordinated Debt is subject, or (b) amend any provision in any document relating to the Subordinated Debt which would increase the amount thereof, provide for earlier or greater principal, interest, or other payments thereon, or adversely affect the subordination thereof to Obligations owed to Lender. 

7.9 Compliance . Become an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company , under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose; fail to (a) meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, (b) prevent a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, from occurring, or (c) comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, the failure of any of the conditions described in clauses (a) through (c) which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; or violate any other law or regulation, if the violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; withdraw or permit any Subsidiary to withdraw from participation in, permit partial or complete termination of, or permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other governmental agency. 

8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

11 

Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an Event of Default under this Agreement: 
 8.1 Payment Default . To the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to the Subordination Agreement, Borrower fails to (a) make any payment of principal or interest on any Credit Extension when due, or (b) pay any other Obligations within three (3) Business Days after such Obligations are due and payable (which three (3) Business Day cure period shall not apply to payments due on the Maturity Date). During the cure period, the failure to make or pay any payment specified under clause (b) hereunder is not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be made during the cure period); 

8.2 Covenant Default . 

(a) Borrower fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 6.2 , 6.3 , 6.4 , or 

6.5 or violates any covenant in Section 7 ; or 
 (b) Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep, or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents, and as to any default (other than those specified in Section 8.2(a) and Sections 8.3 through 8.9 under such other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement that can be cured, has failed to cure the default within ten (10) days after the occurrence thereof; provided , however, that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten (10) day period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such ten (10) day period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an additional period (which shall not in any case exceed ten (10) days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to cure the default shall not be deemed an Event of Default (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during such cure period); 

8.3 Material Adverse Change . A Material Adverse Change occurs; 

8.4 Insolvency . (a) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is unable to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they become due or otherwise becomes insolvent; (b) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (c) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days (but no Credit Extensions shall be made while any of the conditions described in clause (a) exist and/or until any Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed); 

8.5 Other Agreements . There is under any agreement to which Borrower is a party with a third party or parties (including the CIBC Loan Documents), any default resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of One Million Dollars 1,000,000); provided , however, that any failure to comply with this Section 8.5 shall not be deemed an Event of Default if such breach or default under such other agreement shall be cured or waived within ten (10) days of Borrower s receipt of written notice thereof; 

8.6 Judgments; Penalties . One or more fines, penalties or final judgments, orders or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least Five 

12 

Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) (not covered by independent third-party insurance as to 

13 

which liability has been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall be rendered against Borrower by any Governmental Authority, and the same are not, within ten (10) days after the entry, assessment or issuance thereof, discharged, satisfied or paid, or after execution thereof, stayed or bonded pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration of any such stay (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the satisfaction, payment, discharge, stay, or bonding of such fine, penalty, judgment, order or decree); 
 8.7 Misrepresentations . Borrower or any Person acting for Borrower makes any representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any writing delivered to Lender or to induce Lender to enter this Agreement or any Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect when made; 

8.8 Subordinated Debt . The Obligations shall for any reason not have the priority contemplated by this Agreement or the Subordination Agreement; or 

8.9 Governmental Approvals. Any Governmental Approval shall have been 

(a) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse manner or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term or (b) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a hearing with respect to any applications for renewal of any of such Governmental Approval or that could result in the Governmental Authority taking any of the actions described in clause (a) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal 
 (i) cause, or could reasonably be expected to cause, a Material Adverse Change, or (ii) adversely affects the legal qualifications of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold such Governmental Approval in any applicable jurisdiction and such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal could reasonably be expected to affect the status of or legal qualifications of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold any Governmental Approval in any other jurisdiction. 
 9 LENDER S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 

9.1 Rights and Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Lender may, without notice or demand, do any or all of the following: 

(a) declare all Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 8.4 occurs all Obligations are immediately due and payable without any action by Lender); 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) verify the amount of, demand payment of and performance under, and collect any Accounts and General Intangibles, settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that Lender considers advisable, and notify any Person owing Borrower money of Lender s security interest in such funds; 

(d) make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if Lender requests and make it available as Lender designates. Lender may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the 

14 

Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses incurred. Borrower grants Lender a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of Lender s rights or remedies; 
 (e) apply to the Obligations any (i) balances and deposits of Borrower it holds or controls, or (ii) any amount held or controlled by Lender owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower; 

(f) place a hold on any account maintained with Lender and/or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any Collateral; 

(g) demand and receive possession of Borrower s Books; and 

(h) exercise all rights and remedies available to Lender under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof). 

9.2 Power of Attorney . Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (a) endorse Borrower s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security; 

(b) sign Borrower s name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Accounts directly with Account Debtors, for amounts and on terms Lender determines reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower s insurance policies; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into the name of Lender or a third party as the Code permits. Borrower hereby appoints Lender as its lawful attorney-in-fact to sign Borrower s name on any documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of Lender s security interest in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations have been satisfied in full and Lender is under no further obligation to make Credit Extensions hereunder. Lender s foregoing appointment as Borrower s attorney in fact, and all of Lender s rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations have been fully repaid and performed and Lender s obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates. 
 9.3 Protective Payments .	If Borrower fails to obtain the insurance called for by Section 6.4 or fails to pay any premium thereon or fails to pay any other amount which Borrower is obligated to pay under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or which may be required to preserve the Collateral, Lender may obtain such insurance or make such payment, and all amounts so paid by Lender are Lender Expenses and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the then highest rate applicable to the Obligations, and secured by the Collateral. Lender will make reasonable efforts to provide Borrower with notice of Lender obtaining such insurance at the time it is obtained or within a reasonable time thereafter. No payments by 

15 

Lender are deemed an agreement to make similar payments in the future or Lender s waiver of any Event of Default. 
 9.4 Application of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default . If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Lender shall have the right to apply in any order any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Accounts or other disposition of the Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations. Lender shall pay any surplus to Borrower by credit to an account designated by Borrower or to other Persons legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Lender for any deficiency. If Lender, directly or indirectly, enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of Collateral, Lender shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of the purchase price or deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by Lender of cash therefor. 

9.5 Lender s Liability for Collateral . If Lender takes possession or control of the Collateral pursuant to the terms of this Agreement after an Event of Default, so long as Lender complies with reasonable banking practices regarding the safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of Lender (for the avoidance of doubt, the reference to control in this sentence shall not mean constructive control solely as a result of entering into this Agreement), Lender shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; 

(b) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (c) any diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral. 
 9.6 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative . Lender s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Lender thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the party granting the waiver and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Lender has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. Lender s exercise of one right or remedy is not an election and shall not preclude Lender from exercising any other remedy under this Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and Lender s waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. Lender s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence. 

9.7 Demand Waiver . Borrower waives demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by Lender on which Borrower is liable. 

10 NOTICES 

All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt 
 16 

requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or 
 (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address or email address indicated below. Lender or Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 10 . 
 If to Borrower:	S W Seed Company 
 2101 Ken Pratt Blvd, Suite 201 
 Longmont, CO 80501 
 Attn: Betsy Horton, Chief Financial Officer Email: 
 If to Lender:	MFP Partners, L.P. 
 909 Third Ave., 33 rd Floor New York, NY 10022 
 Attn: Timothy E. Ladin, General Counsel and VP Email: 
 11 CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE 

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR IT TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. 
 This Section 11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

12.1 Termination Prior to Maturity Date; Survival . All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Obligations have been satisfied. So long as Borrower has satisfied the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement), this Agreement may be terminated prior to the Maturity Date by Borrower, effective three (3) Business Days after written notice of termination is given to Lender. Those obligations that are expressly specified in this Agreement 

17 

as surviving this Agreement s termination shall continue to survive notwithstanding this Agreement s termination. 
 12.2 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party. Borrower may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Lender s prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in Lender s discretion). Lender has the right, without the consent of or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, negotiate, or grant participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Lender s obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, any assignee of all or any part of Lender s interest in and of Lender s obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be deemed a Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that in such case, determinations of Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be based on the decision of the Lender or Lenders holding a majority in interest of the Obligations; and, provided further that in the event that Lender sells a participation to any Person (each, a Participant in all or any part of Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (i) such Participant shall not be deemed a Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (ii) Lender s obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (iii) Lender shall remain solely responsible to Borrower for the performance of such obligations, and (iv) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with Lender in connection with Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

12.3 Indemnification . Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Lender (and, for the avoidance of doubt, Lender s assignees) and its (and any such assignee s) directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, or any other Person affiliated with or representing Lender (or its assignee) (each, an Indemnified Person harmless against: (i) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities (collectively, Claims claimed or asserted by any other party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; and (ii) all losses or expenses (including Lender Expenses) in any way suffered, incurred, or paid by such Indemnified Person as a result of, following from, consequential to, or arising from transactions between Lender and Borrower (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses), except for Claims and/or losses directly caused by such Indemnified Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

This Section 12.3 shall survive until all statutes of limitation with respect to the Claims, losses, and expenses for which indemnity is given shall have run. 
 12.4 Time of Essence . Time is of the essence for the performance of all Obligations in this Agreement. 

12.5 Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision. 

12.6 Correction of Loan Documents . Lender may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in the Loan Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties. 

12.7 Amendments in Writing; Waiver; Integration . No purported amendment or modification of any Loan Document, or waiver, discharge or termination of any obligation 

18 

under any Loan Document, shall be enforceable or admissible unless, and only to the extent, expressly set forth in a writing signed by the party against which enforcement or admission is sought. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no oral promise or statement, nor any action, inaction, delay, failure to require performance or course of conduct shall operate as, or evidence, an amendment, supplement or waiver or have any other effect on any Loan Document. Any waiver granted shall be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other circumstance, whether similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence, any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver. The Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the subject matter of the Loan Documents merge into the Loan Documents. 

12.8 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. 

12.9 Confidentiality . In handling any confidential information, Lender shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises for its own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (a) to Lender s Subsidiaries or Affiliates (such Subsidiaries and Affiliates, together with Lender, collectively, Lender Entities ); (b) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions (provided, however, Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any prospective transferee s or purchaser s agreement to the terms of this provision); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to Lender s regulators or as otherwise required in connection with Lender s examination or audit; 

19 

(e) as Lender considers appropriate in exercising remedies under the Loan Documents; and (f) to third-party service providers of Lender so long as such service providers have executed a confidentiality agreement with Lender or are otherwise subject to a duty of confidentiality, with terms no less restrictive than those contained herein. Confidential information does not include information that is either: (i) in the public domain or in Lender s possession when disclosed to Lender, or becomes part of the public domain (other than as a result of its disclosure by Lender in violation of this Agreement) after disclosure to Lender; or (ii) disclosed to Lender by a third party, if Lender does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. 
 Lender Entities may use anonymous forms of confidential information for aggregate datasets, for analyses or reporting, and for any other uses not expressly prohibited in writing by Borrower. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 12.10 Attorneys Fees, Costs and Expenses . In any action or proceeding between Borrower and Lender arising out of or relating to the Loan Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred, in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled. 

12.11 Electronic Execution of Documents . The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

12.12 Captions . The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

12.13 Construction of Agreement . The parties mutually acknowledge that they and their attorneys have participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties caused the uncertainty to exist. 

12.14 Relationship . The relationship of the parties to this Agreement is determined solely by the provisions of this Agreement. The parties do not intend to create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust, fiduciary or other relationship with duties or incidents different from those of parties to an arm s-length contract. 

12.15 Third Parties . Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: (a) confer any benefits, rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the express parties to it, Indemnified Persons and their respective permitted successors and assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any person not an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement. 

20 

13 DEFINITIONS 

13.1 Definitions . As used in the Loan Documents, the word shall is mandatory, the word may is permissive, the word or is not exclusive, the words includes and including are not limiting, the singular includes the plural, and numbers denoting amounts that are set off in brackets are negative. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings: 

Account is any account as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to Borrower. 
 Account Debtor is any account debtor as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
 Additional Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-2 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 21 

Affiliate is, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person s senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Person s managers and members. 
 Agreement is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 Available Amount is Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000). 
 Bank Draw is any draw down by CIBC under the terms of the Specified Letter of 
 Credit. 
 Borrower is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 Borrower s Books are all Borrower s books and records including ledgers, federal and 
 state tax returns, records regarding Borrower s assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information. 
 Borrowing Resolutions are, with respect to any Person, those resolutions substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 Business Day is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Lender is 
 closed. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally 
 guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition; (b) commercial paper maturing no more than one 
 (1) year after its creation and having the highest rating from either Standard Poor s Ratings Group or Moody s Investors Service, Inc.; and (c) money market funds at least ninety-five percent (95 of the assets of which constitute Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in clauses (a) and (b) of this definition. 
 Change of Control means any event, transaction, or occurrence as a result of which any person (as such term is defined in Sections 3(a)(9) and 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than MFP Partners, L.P. or a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of Borrower, is or becomes a beneficial owner (within the meaning Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Borrower, representing more than forty percent (40 or more of the combined voting power of Borrower s then outstanding securities; provided that if Borrower and CIBC amend the definition of Change of Control in the CIBC Loan Documents with the purpose or effect of waiving a Change of Control with respect to a particular investor, event, transaction, or occurrence, upon the written request of Borrower or Lender, the definition of Change of Control in this Agreement shall be waived or amended in a similar manner. 
 CIBC is CIBC Bank USA. 
 22 

CIBC Loan Documents are that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2023, among the Borrower, the other loan parties party thereto, the various financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and CIBC, as administrative agent for the lenders, together with all other documents, instruments and other agreements entered into in connection therewith, all as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Claims is defined in Section 12.3 . 
 Code is the New York Uniform Commercial Code . 
 Collateral is all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as defined in the CIBC Loan Documents). 
 Conforming Changes is defined in Section 2.3 . 
 Contingent Obligation is, for any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for (a) any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another such as an obligation, in each case, directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (b) any obligations for undrawn letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; but Contingent Obligation does not include endorsements in the ordinary course of business. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability for it determined by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement. 
 Copyrights are any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret. 
 Credit Extension is any Term Advance or any other extension of credit by Lender for Borrower s benefit. 
 Daily Simple SOFR is the Daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate for any day (i) if such day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, published on such day or (ii) if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, published on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such day, in each case, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or successor administrator) and displayed by Bloomberg LP (or any successor thereto, or replacement thereof, as approved by Lender) and as determined by Lender. 
 Default Rate is defined in Section 2.3(b) . 
 Determination Date is, with respect to a Term SOFR-based Advance, the day such Term SOFR-based Advance is made or the last day of the Interest Period of a Term SOFR-based 
 23 

Advance, as applicable; provided that if any Determination Date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the rate applicable on such Determination Date shall be the rate for the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Disclosure Letter is that certain Disclosure Letter of even date herewith, delivered to Lender by Borrower on the date hereof. 
 Dollars , dollars or use of the sign are only lawful money of the United States and not any other currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful money of the United States. 
 Effective Date is defined in the preamble hereof. 
 ERISA is the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its regulations. Event of Default is defined in Section 8 . 
 Exchange Act is the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. First Amendment Effective Date is October 28, 2022. 
 First Amendment Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-3 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Funding Date is any date on which a Credit Extension is made to or for the account of Borrower. 
 GAAP is generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination; provided , that with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 840 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018 shall be applied. 
 General Intangibles is all general intangibles as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all Intellectual Property, claims, income and other tax refunds, security and other deposits, payment intangibles, contract rights, options to purchase or sell real or personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including without limitation key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of insurance and rights to payment of any kind. 
 24 

Governmental Approval is any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority. 
 Governmental Authority is any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization. 
 Indebtedness is (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds and letters of credit, 
 (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations, and (d) Contingent Obligations. 

Indemnified Person is defined in Section 12.3 . 
 Index is defined in the definition of Term SOFR Rate. 
 Initial Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Insolvency Proceeding is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief. 
 Intellectual Property is, with respect to any Person, means all of such Person s right, title, and interest in and to the following: 
 (a) its Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents; 

(b) any and all trade secrets and trade secret rights, including, without limitation, any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, operating manuals; 

(c) any and all source code; 

(d) any and all design rights which may be available to such Person; 

(e) any and all claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement of the Intellectual Property rights identified above; and 

(f) all amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents. 

25 

Interest Period is, for each Term SOFR-based Advance, a period of three (3) months; provided that Borrower may at any time elect any other Interest Period then available in the SOFR market (e.g., a period of one (1) month) by written notice to Lender, which election shall take effect commencing with the immediately following Interest Period; provided , further , that the last day of each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practices of the SOFR market as from time to time in effect. Any Term SOFR-based Advances shall automatically continue for the same Interest Period upon the last day of the applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrower otherwise elects in accordance with the first proviso of the preceding sentence. 
 Inventory is all inventory as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out of Borrower s custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above. 
 Investment is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including stock, partnership interest or other securities), and any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person. 
 Key Person is Borrower s Chief Financial Officer, who is Betsy Horton as of the Effective Date. 
 Lender is defined in the preamble hereof. Lender Entities is defined in Section 12.9 . 
 Lender Expenses are all audit fees and expenses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing the Loan Documents and Specified Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred with respect to Borrower. 
 Lien is a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property. 
 Loan Documents are, collectively, this Agreement, any schedules, exhibits, certificates, notices, and any other documents related to this Agreement, the Specified Letter of Credit, any subordination agreement, including the Subordination Agreement, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by Borrower, and any other present or future agreement by Borrower with or for the benefit of Lender in connection with this Agreement, all as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. 
 Material Adverse Change is (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Lender s Lien in the Collateral or in the value of such Collateral; (b) a material adverse change 
 26 

in the business, operations, or financial condition of Borrower; or (c) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations. 
 Maturity Date is May 31, 2025. 
 Obligations are Borrower s obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, fees, Lender Expenses, and other amounts Borrower owes Lender now or later, whether under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, including, without limitation, all obligations relating to letters of credit (including reimbursement obligations for drawn and undrawn letters of credit), cash management services, and foreign exchange contracts, if any, and including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower assigned to Lender, and to perform Borrower s duties under the Loan Documents. 
 Operating Documents are, for any Person, such Person s formation documents, as certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of such Person s jurisdiction of organization on a date that is no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date, and, 
 (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 
 Participant is defined in Section 12.2 . 
 Patents are all patents, patent applications and like protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same. 
 Payment Date is (i) March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year (provided, that if such date is not a Business Day, then on the immediately preceding Business Day), and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 Permitted Indebtedness is: 
 (a) Borrower s Indebtedness to Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and disclosed to Lender in writing; 

(c) Indebtedness owing to CIBC (and any co-lender under the CIBC Loan Documents) pursuant to the CIBC Loan Documents; 

(d) All Indebtedness permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents; and 

(e) Subordinated Debt. 

27 

Permitted Investments are: 
 (a) Investments (including, without limitation, Subsidiaries) existing on the Effective Date and disclosed to Lender in writing; and 

(b) All Investments permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. Permitted Liens are: 

(a) Liens existing on the Effective Date and disclosed to Lender in writing or arising under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and 

(b) All Liens permitted under the CIBC Loan Documents. 

Person is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency. 
 PIK Interest is defined in Section 2.3(a) . 
 Prime-based Advance is a Term Advance which bears interest at the Prime-based 
 Rate. 
 Prime-based Rate is, for any Interest Period for a Prime Rate-based Advanced, a rate 
 per annum equal to the sum of (1) the Prime Rate for such Interest Period, plus (2) 6.25 . 
 Prime Rate is the greater of (i) highest rate published from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate and (ii) 1.25 ; provided , that in the event the Wall Street Journal ceases to publish the Prime Rate, the Lender and Borrower shall mutually agree on an alternative Prime Rate, which Prime Rate shall be the base, reference or other rate then recognized and utilized by the United States commercial loan market for general commercial loan reference purposes. 
 Registered Organization is any registered organization as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
 Requirement of Law is as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Responsible Officer is any of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Borrower. 
 SEC is the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date is December 22, 2022. 
 28 

Second Amendment Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-4 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Specified Letter of Credit is that certain Letter of Credit No. NUSCGS044349 issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. for the account of the Lender, in the original amount of 
 9,000,000, as amended on the First Amendment Effective Date to increase such amount to 
 12,000,000, as further amended on the Third Amendment Effective Date to increase such amount to 13,000,000, and as further amended on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date to extend its expiry date to November 30, 2024 , and as further amended on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date to extend its expiry date to December 31, 2024 . 
 Specified Letter of Credit Maturity Date is November 30 December 31 , 2024 , or such earlier date as the Specified Letter of Credit is terminated. 
 Subordination Agreement is defined in Section 3.1(d) . 
 Subordinated Debt is indebtedness incurred by Borrower subordinated to all of Borrower s now or hereafter indebtedness to Lender (pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Lender entered into between Lender and the other creditor), on terms acceptable to Lender. 
 Subsidiary is, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower. 
 Term Advance is defined in Section 2.2(b) . 
 Term SOFR Rate is, for any Interest Period for a Term SOFR-based Advance, the greater of (i) the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such Interest Period, as administrated by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or successor administrator) and displayed by Bloomberg LP (or any successor thereto, or replacement thereof, as reasonably selected by Bank) and as determined by Bank on each Determination Date (the Index and (ii) 1.25 . 
 Term SOFR-based Advance is a Term Advance which bears interest at the Term SOFR-based Rate. 
 Term SOFR-based Rate is, for any Interest Period, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (1) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (2) 9.25 . 
 Third Amendment Effective Date is March 21, 2023. 
 29 

Third Amendment Warrant is a warrant delivered pursuant to this Agreement, evidenced by an instrument substantially the form of Exhibit B-5 , as amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 Trademarks are any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the same and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrower connected with and symbolized by such trademarks. 
 Transfer is defined in Section 7.1 . 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day is any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 [ Signature page follows. ] 
 30 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date. 
 BORROWER: 
 S W SEED COMPANY 
 By 	 Name: Betsy Horton 
 Title:	Chief Financial Officer 

LENDER: 
 MFP PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 By: MFP Investors LLC, its General Partner 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

[Signature page to Loan and Security Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 CORPORATE BORROWING CERTIFICATE 

B ORROWER : S W SEED COMPANY	D ATE : [ ] 
 LENDER:	MFP PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 I hereby certify as follows, as of the date set forth above: 
 
 1. I am the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other officer of Borrower. My title is as set forth below. 

2. Borrower s exact legal name is set forth above. Borrower is a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

3. The following resolutions were duly and validly adopted by Borrower s Board of Directors at a duly held meeting of such directors (or pursuant to a unanimous written consent or other authorized corporate action). Such resolutions are in full force and effect as of the date hereof and have not been in any way modified, repealed, rescinded, amended or revoked, and MFP Partners, 

L.P. Lender may rely on them until Lender receives written notice of revocation from Borrower. 
 
 R ESOLVED , that any one of the following officers or employees of Borrower, whose names, titles and signatures are below, may act on behalf of Borrower: 

Name 	 Title 

Signature 

Authorized to Add or Remove Signatories 

R ESOLVED F URTHER , that any one of the persons designated above with a checked box beside his or her name may, from time to time, add or remove any individuals to and from the above list of persons authorized to act on behalf of Borrower. 
 Resolved Further, that such individuals may, on behalf of Borrower: 
 
 Borrow Money . Borrow money from Lender. 
 Execute Loan Documents . Execute any loan documents Lender requires. 
 Grant Security . Grant Lender a security interest in any of Borrower s assets. 
 Negotiate Items . Negotiate or discount all drafts, trade acceptances, promissory notes, or other indebtedness in which Borrower has an interest and receive cash or otherwise use the proceeds. 
 Further Acts . Designate other individuals to request advances, pay fees and costs and execute other documents or agreements (including documents or agreement that waive Borrower s right to a jury trial) they believe to be necessary to effect these resolutions. 
 
 Resolved Further, that all acts authorized by the above resolutions and any prior acts relating thereto are ratified. 
 
 5. The persons listed above are Borrower's officers or employees with their titles and signatures shown next to their names. 

By: 	 Name: 	 Title: 	 

If the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other certifying officer executing above is designated by the resolutions set forth in paragraph 4 as one of the authorized signing officers, this Certificate must also be signed by a second authorized officer or director of Borrower. 

I, the 	 of Borrower, hereby certify as to paragraphs 1 through 5 above, as of the date set forth above. 

By: 	 Name: 	 Title: 	 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 
 FORM OF INITIAL WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-2 
 
 FORM OF ADDITIONAL WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-3 
 
 FORM OF FIRST AMENDMENT WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-4 
 
 FORM OF SECOND AMENDMENT WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

EXHIBIT B-5 
 
 FORM OF THIRD AMENDMENT WARRANT [ATTACHED] 

Summary report: Litera Compare for Word 11.2.0.54 Document comparison done on 10/31/2024 11:39:18 AM 

Style name: Default Style 

Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 

Original DMS: iw://NAACTIVE.COOLEY.COM/NAACTIVE/310037718/1 

Modified DMS: iw://NAACTIVE.COOLEY.COM/NAACTIVE/310037718/3 

Changes: 

Add 
 13 

Delete 
 12 

Move From 
 0 

Move To 
 0 

Table Insert 
 0 

Table Delete 
 0 

Table moves to 
 0 

Table moves from 
 0 

Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
 0 

Embedded Excel 
 0 

Format changes 
 0 

Total Changes: 
 25 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 sanw-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 S W SEED COMPANY, 
 Nevada corporation 
 Seed Holding, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 
 Stevia California, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 S W Holdings Australia Pty Ltd, an Australia corporation (f/k/a S W Seed Australia Pty Ltd) 
 S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd, an Australia corporation (f/k/a Seed Genetics International Pty Ltd) (wholly-owned by S W Holdings Australia Pty Ltd) 
 Pasture Genetics Pty Ltd, an Australia corporation (wholly-owned by S W Seed Company Australia Pty Ltd) 
 Seed Vision (PTY) LTD, a South Africa proprietary limited company 
 Sorghum Solutions South Africa (PTY) LTD, a South Africa proprietary limited company 
 S W Seed Hungary Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g (KFT), a Hungary limited liability company (inactive) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 sanw-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-261728, 333-248974, 333-229624, 333-222916, 333-219726, 333-208679 and 333-201797) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-256079, 333-229625, 333-196067 and 333-169742) of S W Seed Company of our report dated September 27, 2023 relating to the 2023 consolidated financial statements, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Crowe LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 November 1, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 12
 sanw-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated November 1, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of S W Seed Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report into the Registration Statements of S W Seed Company on Form S-3 (File No. 333-261728, File No. 333-248974, File No. 333-229624, File No. 333-222916, File No. 333-219726, File No. 333-208679 and File No. 333-201797) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-256079, File No. 333-229625, File No. 333-196067 and File No. 333-169742). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Denver, Colorado 
 November 1, 2024 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 sanw-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark Herrmann, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of S W Seed Company (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Mark Herrmann 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 sanw-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Vanessa Baughman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of S W Seed Company (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Vanessa Baughman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 sanw-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of S W Seed Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Mark Herrmann, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, that to my knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Mark Herrmann 

Mark Herrmann 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 sanw-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of S W Seed Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Vanessa Baughman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, that to my knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Vanessa Baughman 

Vanessa Baughman 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 17
 sanw-ex97_1.htm
 EX-97.1

EX-97.1 

S W SEED COMPANY 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 1. Introduction 

The Board of Directors (the Board of S W Seed Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to adopt this Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy (this Policy providing for the Company s recoupment of Recoverable Incentive Compensation that is received by Covered Officers of the Company under certain circumstances. Certain capitalized terms used in this Policy have the meanings given to such terms in Section 3 below. 
 This Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be interpreted to be consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder Rule 10D-1 and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608 (the Listing Standards ). 
 2. Effective Date 

This Policy shall apply to all Incentive Compensation that is received by a Covered Officer on or after October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ). Incentive Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 3. Definitions 

Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement that the Company is required to prepare due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 Accounting Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the date that the Board, a committee of the Board authorized to take such action, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (b) the date that a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 Administrator means the Compensation Committee or, in the absence of such committee, the Board. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 Covered Officer means each current and former Executive Officer. 
 Exchange means the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries are deemed executive officers of the Company if they perform such policy-making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policy-making functions that are not significant. Identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy would include at a minimum executive officers identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures, including Company stock price and total shareholder return TSR ). A measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC in order to be a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 Lookback Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement Date, as well as any transition period (resulting from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years (except that a transition period of at least nine months shall count as a completed fiscal year). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lookback Period shall not include fiscal years completed prior to the Effective Date. 
 Recoverable Incentive Compensation means Incentive Compensation received by a Covered Officer during the Lookback Period that exceeds the amount of Incentive Compensation that would have been received had such amount been determined based on the Accounting Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid i.e. , on a gross basis without regard to tax withholdings and other deductions). For any compensation plans or programs that take into account Incentive Compensation, the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation for purposes of this Policy shall include, without limitation, the amount contributed to any notional account based on Recoverable Incentive Compensation and any earnings to date on that notional amount. For any Incentive Compensation that is based on stock price or TSR, where the Recoverable Incentive Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement, the Administrator will determine the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or TSR upon which the Incentive Compensation was received. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange in accordance with the Listing Standards. 
 SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 4. Recoupment 

(a) Applicability of Policy. This Policy applies to Incentive Compensation received by a Covered Officer (i) after beginning services as an Executive Officer, (ii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for such Incentive Compensation, (iii) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (iv) during the Lookback Period. 

(b) Recoupment Generally. Pursuant to the provisions of this Policy, if there is an 

Accounting Restatement, the Company must reasonably promptly recoup the full amount of the Recoverable Incentive Compensation, unless the conditions of one or more subsections of Section 4(c) of this Policy are met and the Compensation Committee, or, if such committee does not consist solely of independent directors, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board, has made a determination that recoupment would be impracticable. Recoupment is required regardless of whether the Covered Officer engaged in any misconduct and regardless of fault, and the Company s obligation to recoup Recoverable Incentive Compensation is not dependent on whether or when any restated financial statements are filed. 

(c) Impracticability of Recovery. Recoupment may be determined to be impracticable if, and only if: 

(i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount of the applicable Recoverable Incentive Compensation; provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such Recoverable Incentive Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Exchange in accordance with the Listing Standards; or 

(ii) recoupment of the applicable Recoverable Incentive Compensation would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 401(a)(13) or Code Section 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 

(d) Sources of Recoupment. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Administrator shall, in its sole discretion, determine the timing and method for recouping Recoverable Incentive Compensation hereunder, provided that such recoupment is undertaken reasonably promptly. The Administrator may, in its discretion, seek recoupment from a Covered Officer from any of the following sources or a combination thereof, whether the applicable compensation was approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Officer prior to, on or after the Effective Date: (i) direct repayment of Recoverable Incentive Compensation previously paid to the Covered Officer; (ii) cancelling prior cash or equity-based awards (whether vested or unvested and whether paid or unpaid); (iii) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future cash or equity-based awards; (iv) forfeiture of deferred compensation, subject to compliance with Code Section 409A; and (v) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract. Subject to compliance with any applicable law, the Administrator may effectuate recoupment under this Policy from any amount otherwise payable to the Covered Officer, including amounts payable to such individual under any otherwise applicable Company plan or program, e.g. , base salary, bonuses or commissions and compensation previously deferred by the Covered Officer. The Administrator need not utilize the same method of recovery for all Covered Officers or with respect to all types of Recoverable Incentive Compensation. 

(e) No Indemnification of Covered Officers. Notwithstanding any indemnification agreement, applicable insurance policy or any other agreement or provision of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws to the contrary, no Covered Officer shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses in connection with any enforcement of this Policy by the Company, including paying or reimbursing such Covered Officer for insurance premiums to cover potential obligations to the Company under this Policy. 

(f) Indemnification of Administrator. Any members of the Administrator, and any other members of the Board who assist in the administration of this Policy, shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be indemnified by the 

Company to the fullest extent under applicable law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any other rights to indemnification of the members of the Board under applicable law or Company policy. 

(g) No Good Reason for Covered Officers. Any action by the Company to recoup or any recoupment of Recoverable Incentive Compensation under this Policy from a Covered Officer shall not be deemed (i) good reason for resignation or to serve as a basis for a claim of constructive termination under any benefits or compensation arrangement applicable to such Covered Officer, or (ii) to constitute a breach of a contract or other arrangement to which such Covered Officer is party. 

5. Administration 

Except as specifically set forth herein, this Policy shall be administered by the Administrator. The Administrator shall have full and final authority to make any and all determinations required under this Policy. Any determination by the Administrator with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties and need not be uniform with respect to each individual covered by this Policy. In carrying out the administration of this Policy, the Administrator is authorized and directed to consult with the full Board or such other committees of the Board as may be necessary or appropriate as to matters within the scope of such other committee s responsibility and authority. Subject to applicable law, the Administrator may authorize and empower any officer or employee of the Company to take any and all actions that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this Policy (other than with respect to any recovery under this Policy involving such officer or employee). 
 6. Severability 

If any provision of this Policy or the application of any such provision to a Covered Officer shall be adjudicated to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Policy, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to render any such provision or application enforceable. 
 7. No Impairment of Other Remedies 

Nothing contained in this Policy, and no recoupment or recovery as contemplated herein, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Officer arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by the Covered Officer. This Policy does not preclude the Company from taking any other action to enforce a Covered Officer s obligations to the Company, including, without limitation, termination of employment and/or institution of civil proceedings. This Policy is in addition to the requirements of Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX 304 that are applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and to any other compensation recoupment policy and/or similar provisions in any employment, equity plan, equity award, or other individual agreement, to which the Company is a party or which the Company has adopted or may adopt and maintain from time to time; provided, however, that compensation recouped pursuant to this Policy shall not be duplicative of compensation recouped pursuant to SOX 304 or any such compensation recoupment policy and/or similar provisions in any such employment, equity plan, equity award, or other individual agreement except as may be required by law. 
 8. Amendment; Termination 

The Administrator may amend, terminate or replace this Policy or any portion of this Policy at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with applicable law or any Listing Standard. 
 9. Successors 

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Officers and, to the extent required by Rule 10D-1 and/or the applicable Listing Standards, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 10.	 Required Filings 
 	The Company shall make any disclosures and filings with respect to this Policy that are required by law, including as required by the SEC. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 61
 sanw-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

