<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-K_edgar_data_1143513_0001143513-24-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34367770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>512424</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>15585075</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8321805</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3521059</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6042272</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001143513-24-000011.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001143513-24-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001143513
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				542040781
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00237
		FILM NUMBER:		241454221

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1521 WESTBRANCH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-287-5800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1521 WESTBRANCH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001143513-24-000011.txt : 20241113

10-K
 1
 glad-20240930.htm
 10-K

glad-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 __________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to __________ 
 Commission file number 
 __________________________ 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 , par value 0.001 per share 
 __________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 o Accelerated filer 
 o x Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12 b-2 of the Act). Yes o No . 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on March 28, 2024, based on the closing price on that date of 21.46 per share on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, which was retroactively adjusted for the 1-for-2 reverse stock split effected on April 4, 2024, was . For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were shares of the Registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of November 12, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1 
 Business 
 3 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 ITEM 1 C 
 Cybersecurity 
 44 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 46 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 ITEM 6 
 Reserved 
 54 
 ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 70 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 122 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 122 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 122 
 ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 122 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 123 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 123 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 123 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 123 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 123 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 124 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 127 
 SIGNATURES 
 128 

1 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 All statements contained herein, other than historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements may relate to, among other things, our future operating results, our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, actual and potential conflicts of interest with Gladstone Management Corporation (the Adviser ), our investment adviser, and its affiliates, the use of borrowed money to finance our investments, the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital, and our ability to co-invest, among other factors. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as estimate, may, might, believe, will, provided, anticipate, future, could, growth, plan, project, intend, expect, should, would, if, seek, possible, potential, likely or the negative or variations of such terms or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include: (1) changes in the economy and the capital markets, including stock price volatility, inflation, rising interest rates and risks of recession; (2) risks associated with negotiation and consummation of pending and future transactions; (3) the loss of one or more of our executive officers, in particular David Gladstone, Terry Lee Brubaker or Robert L. Marcotte; (4) changes in our investment objectives and strategy; (5) availability, terms (including the possibility of interest rate volatility) and deployment of capital; (6) changes in our industry, interest rates, exchange rates or the general economy; (7) our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; (8) the degree and nature of our competition; (9) changes in governmental regulation, tax rates and similar matters; (10) our ability to exit investments in a timely manner; (11) our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and (12) those factors described herein, including Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ). We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We have based forward-looking statements on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC from time to time, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 In this Annual Report, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Gladstone Capital Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries unless the context otherwise indicates. Dollar amounts in tables, except per share amounts, are in thousands unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Organization 
 Gladstone Capital Corporation was incorporated under the Maryland General Corporation Law on May 30, 2001. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated for tax purposes as a RIC under the Code. We were established for the purpose of investing in debt and equity securities of established private businesses operating in the United States U.S. ). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, shares of our common stock trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the trading symbol GLAD and our 7.75 Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes trade on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol GLADZ. Our 6.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), our 3.75 notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes and our 5.125 notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes are not listed or traded on any exchange or automated quotation system. 
 
 The outstanding shares and per share amounts of the Company s common stock in this Annual Report have been retroactively adjusted for the 1-for-2 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024 (effective April 5, 2024 for trading purposes) for all activity prior to that date, unless stated otherwise. 
 Investment Adviser and Administrator 
 We are externally managed by the Adviser, an investment adviser registered with the SEC and an affiliate of ours, pursuant to an investment advisory and management agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Advisory Agreement ). The Adviser manages our investment activities. We have also entered into an administration agreement with Gladstone Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), an affiliate of ours and the Adviser, whereby we pay separately for administrative services (the Administration Agreement ). Each of the Adviser and the Administrator are privately-held companies that are indirectly owned and controlled by David Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Gladstone and Terry Lee Brubaker, our chief operating officer, also serve on the board of directors of the Adviser, the board of managers of the Administrator, and as executive officers of the Adviser and the Administrator. The Administrator employs, among others, our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief valuation officer, chief compliance officer, general counsel and secretary (who also serves as the president of the Administrator) and their respective staffs. The Adviser and Administrator have extensive experience in our lines of business and also provide investment advisory and administrative services, respectively, to our affiliates, including: Gladstone Commercial Corporation Gladstone Commercial ), a publicly-traded real estate investment trust; Gladstone Investment Corporation Gladstone Investment ), a publicly-traded BDC and RIC; Gladstone Land Corporation, a publicly-traded real estate investment trust Gladstone Land and Gladstone Alternative Income Fund, a registered, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that operates as an interval fund Gladstone Alternative, with Gladstone Land, Gladstone Commercial, and Gladstone Investment, collectively the Affiliated Public Funds ). In the future, the Adviser and Administrator may provide investment advisory and administrative services, respectively, to other funds and companies, both public and private. 
 The Adviser was organized as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 2, 2002, and is an SEC registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, as amended. The Administrator was organized as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 18, 2005. The Adviser and Administrator are headquartered in McLean, Virginia, a suburb of Washington, D.C., at 1521 Westbranch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The Adviser also has offices in other states. 

3 

Table of Contents 

4 

Table of Contents 

Investment Policies 
 We seek to achieve a high level of current income and capital gains through investments in debt securities and preferred or common stock that we generally acquire in connection with buyouts and other recapitalizations. The following investment policies, along with these investment objectives, may not be changed without the approval of our board of directors (the Board of Directors ): 
 We will at all times conduct our business so as to retain our status as a BDC. See Regulation as a BDC Qualifying Assets. 
 We will at all times endeavor to conduct our business so as to retain our status as a RIC under the Code. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. 
 With the exception of our policy to conduct our business as a BDC, these policies are not fundamental and may be changed without stockholder approval. 
 Investment Concentrations 
 As of September 30, 2024, our investment portfolio consisted of investments in companies located in states across different industries, with an aggregate fair value of million. The five largest investments at fair value as of September 30, 2024, totaled million, or of our total investment portfolio. 
 The following table outlines our investments by security type as of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value Secured first lien debt Secured second lien debt Unsecured debt Total debt investments Preferred equity Common equity/equivalents Total equity investments Total Investments 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our investments at fair value consisted of the following industry classifications as of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Industry Classification September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Diversified/Conglomerate Service Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing Aerospace and Defense Healthcare, Education, and Childcare Beverage, Food, and Tobacco Automobile Machinery Oil and Gas Cargo Transportation Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products Other, Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments South West Midwest Northeast Total Investments 
 The geographic composition indicates the location of the headquarters for our portfolio companies. A portfolio company may have additional locations in other geographic regions. 
 Investment Process 
 Overview of Investment and Approval Process 
 To originate investments, the Adviser s investment professionals use an extensive referral network comprised primarily of private equity sponsors, private credit managers, venture capitalists, leveraged buyout funds, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, commercial bankers, and business brokers. The Adviser s investment professionals review information received from these and other sources in search of potential financing opportunities. If a potential opportunity matches our investment objectives, the investment professionals will seek an initial screening of the opportunity with our president, Robert L. Marcotte, to authorize the submission of an indication of interest IOI to the prospective portfolio company. If the prospective portfolio company passes this initial screening and the IOI is accepted by the prospective company, the investment professionals will seek approval to issue a letter of intent LOI to the prospective company from the Adviser s investment committee, which currently is comprised of David Gladstone, Terry Lee Brubaker, Robert L. Marcotte, Laura Gladstone, and John Sateri. If this LOI is issued, then the Adviser and Gladstone Securities, LLC Gladstone Securities (collectively, the Due Diligence Team will conduct a due diligence investigation and create a detailed profile summarizing the prospective portfolio company s historical financial statements, industry, competitive position and management team, analyzing its conformity to our general investment criteria. The investment professionals then present this profile to the Adviser s investment committee, which must approve each investment. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Prospective Portfolio Company Characteristics 
 We have identified certain characteristics that we believe are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies. The criteria listed below provide general guidelines for our investment decisions, although not all of these criteria may be met by each portfolio company. 
 Growth-and-Income Orientation and Positive Cash Flow. Our investment philosophy places a premium on fundamental analysis from an investor s perspective and has a distinct growth-and-income orientation. We typically invest in companies that generate growing sales and cash flow to provide some assurance that they will be able to service their debt and deleverage over time. We do not expect to invest in start-up companies or companies with what we believe to be cyclical industries or speculative business plans. 
 Experienced Management. We typically require that the businesses in which we invest have experienced management teams or a hiring plan in place to install an experienced management team. We also require the businesses to have proper incentives in place to induce management teams to succeed and align with our interests as an investor, including having significant equity or other interests in the financial performance of their respective companies. 
 Strong Competitive Position in an Industry. We seek to invest in businesses that have a differentiated product or service and significant relative market share within their respective markets and that we believe have the strategy and resources to take advantage of the expected growth in their market. We seek businesses that demonstrate significant competitive advantages versus their competitors, which we believe will help to protect their market positions and profitability. 
 Enterprise Collateral Value. The projected enterprise valuation of the business, based on market based comparable cash flow multiples, is an important factor in our investment analysis in determining the collateral coverage of our debt securities. 
 Extensive Due Diligence 
 The Due Diligence Team conducts what we believe are extensive evaluation and due diligence investigations of our prospective portfolio companies and investment opportunities. The due diligence investigation typically begins with a review of publicly available information followed by in depth business analysis, including any of the following: 
 a review of the prospective portfolio company s historical and projected financial information, including a quality of earnings or similar analysis; 
 detailed review of the track record of the private equity firm or ownership group acquiring or controlling any prospective borrower; 
 visits to the prospective portfolio company s business site(s); 
 interviews with the prospective portfolio company s management, employees, advisers, sponsors, customers, and vendors; 
 review of loan documents and material contracts; 
 background checks and a management capabilities assessment on the prospective portfolio company s management team and controlling shareholders; and 
 research on the prospective portfolio company s products, services or particular industry and its competitive position therein. 
 Upon completion of a due diligence investigation and a decision to proceed with an investment, the Adviser s investment professionals who have primary responsibility for the investment present the investment opportunity to the Adviser s investment committee. The investment committee then determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Prior to the closing of an investment, additional due diligence may be conducted by the Adviser or on our behalf by attorneys, independent accountants, and other outside advisers, as appropriate. 
 We also rely on the long-term relationships that the Adviser s investment professionals have with leveraged buyout funds, private credit managers, investment bankers, commercial bankers, private equity sponsors, attorneys, accountants, and business brokers. In addition, the extensive direct experiences of our executive officers and managing directors in the operations of lower middle market companies and providing debt and equity capital to lower middle market companies plays a significant role in our investment evaluation and assessment of risk. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Structure 
 Once the Adviser has determined that an investment meets our standards and investment criteria, the Adviser works with the management of that company, the private equity firm or ownership group controlling any prospective borrower, and other capital providers to structure the transaction in a way that we believe will provide us with the greatest opportunity to maximize our return on the investment, while providing appropriate incentives to the shareholders and management of the company. As discussed above, the capital classes through which we typically structure a deal include secured first lien debt, secured second lien debt, and preferred and common equity or equivalents. Through its risk management process, the Adviser seeks to limit the downside risk of our investments by: 
 seeking collateral or superior positions in the portfolio company s capital structure where possible; 
 negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility as possible in managing their businesses, consistent with preserving our capital; 
 securing board observation rights at the portfolio company; 
 incorporating call protection into the investment structure where possible; and 
 making investments with an expected total return (including both interest and potential equity appreciation) that it believes compensates us appropriately for the credit risk of the investment. 
 We expect to hold most of our debt investments until maturity or repayment, but may sell our investments (including our equity investments) earlier if a liquidity event takes place, such as the sale or recapitalization of a portfolio company. Occasionally, we may sell some or all of our investment interests in a portfolio company to a third party in a privately negotiated transaction to manage our credit or sector exposures or to enhance our portfolio yield. 
 Competitive Advantages 
 A large number of entities compete with us and make the types of investments that we seek to make in lower middle market privately-owned businesses. Such competitors include other BDCs, registered investment companies, private investment funds, and other financing sources, including traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks. Many of our competitors are substantially larger than we are and have considerably greater funding sources or are able to access capital more cost effectively. In addition, certain of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, serve a broader customer base, and establish a greater market share. Furthermore, many of these competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the regulatory requirements we must comply with as a publicly traded company. However, we believe that we have the following competitive advantages over many other providers of financing to lower middle market companies. 
 Management Expertise 
 Our Adviser has a separate investment committee for the Company and each of the Affiliated Public Funds. The Adviser s investment committee for the Company is comprised of Messrs. Gladstone, Brubaker, Marcotte and Sateri and Ms. Gladstone, each of whom have a wealth of experience in our area of operation. Ms. Gladstone and Messrs. Gladstone, Brubaker and Sateri also serve on the Adviser s investment committee for the other Affiliated Public Funds. Ms. Gladstone has over 20 years of experience in investing in middle market companies and continues to hold the role of managing director with the Company and the Adviser. Each of Messrs. Gladstone, Marcotte and Sateri have over 30 years of experience in investing in middle market companies and with operating in the BDC marketplace in general. Messrs. Gladstone and Brubaker also have principal management responsibility for the Adviser as its executive officers, and have worked together at the Gladstone Companies for more than 20 years. Mr. Brubaker has over 30 years of experience in acquisitions and operations of companies. These five individuals dedicate a significant portion of their time to managing our investment portfolio. Our senior management has extensive experience providing capital to lower middle market companies. In addition, we have access to the resources and expertise of the Adviser s investment professionals and support staff who possess a broad range of transactional, financial, managerial, and investment skills. 
 Increased Access to Investment Opportunities Developed Through Extensive Research Capability and Network of Contacts 
 The Adviser seeks to identify potential investments through active origination and due diligence and through its dialogue with numerous private equity firms and other members of the financial community with whom the Adviser s investment professionals have long-term relationships. We believe that the Adviser s investment professionals have developed a broad 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 network of contacts within the investment, commercial banking, private equity and investment management communities, and that their reputation, experience and focus on investing in lower middle market companies enables us to source and identify well-positioned prospective portfolio companies that provide attractive investment opportunities. Additionally, the Adviser expects to generate information from its professionals network of accountants, consultants, lawyers and management teams of portfolio companies and other contacts to support the Adviser s investment activities. 
 Disciplined, Value and Income-Oriented Investment Philosophy with a Focus on Preservation of Capital 
 In making its investment decisions, the Adviser focuses on the risk and reward profile of each prospective portfolio company, seeking to minimize the risk of capital loss without foregoing the potential for capital appreciation. We expect the Adviser to use the same investment philosophy that its professionals use in the management of the other Affiliated Public Funds and to commit resources to manage downside exposure. The Adviser s approach seeks to reduce our risk in investments by using some or all of the following approaches: 
 focusing on companies with sustainable market positions and cash flow; 
 investing in businesses with experienced and established management teams; 
 engaging in extensive due diligence from the perspective of a long-term investor; 
 investing in businesses backed by successful private equity sponsors or owner operators; and 
 adopting flexible transaction structures by drawing on the experience of the investment professionals of the Adviser and its affiliates. 
 Longer Investment Horizon 
 Unlike private equity and private credit funds that are often organized as finite-life partnerships (generally seven to ten years), we are not subject to standard periodic capital return requirements. These structures often force private equity and private credit funds to seek returns on their investments by causing their portfolio companies to pursue mergers, public equity offerings, or other liquidity events more quickly than might otherwise be optimal or desirable, potentially resulting in a lower overall return to investors and/or an adverse impact on their portfolio companies. In contrast, we are an exchange-traded corporation of perpetual duration. We believe that our flexibility to make investments with a long-term view and without the capital return requirements of traditional private investment vehicles provides us with the opportunity to achieve greater long-term returns on invested capital. 
 Flexible Transaction Structuring 
 We believe our management team s broad expertise and years of combined experience enable the Adviser to identify, assess, and structure investments successfully across all levels of a company s capital structure and manage potential risk and return at all stages of the economic cycle. We are not subject to many of the regulatory limitations that govern traditional lending institutions, such as banks. As a result, we are flexible in selecting and structuring investments, adjusting investment criteria and transaction structures and, in some cases, the types of securities in which we invest. We believe that this approach enables the Adviser to craft a financing structure which best fits the investment and growth profile of the underlying business and yields attractive investment opportunities that will continue to generate current income and capital gain potential throughout the economic cycle, including during turbulent periods in the capital markets. 
 Ongoing Management of Investments and Portfolio Company Relationships 
 The Adviser s investment professionals actively oversee each investment by continuously evaluating the portfolio company s performance and, although generally not expected to control such companies or become involved in day-to-day operations, will work collaboratively with the portfolio company s management, either at the portfolio company s request or in connection with any board observer rights, to identify and incorporate best resources and practices that help us achieve our projected investment performance. 
 Monitoring 
 The Adviser s investment professionals monitor the financial performance, trends, and changing risks of each portfolio company on an ongoing basis to determine if each company is performing within expectations and to guide the portfolio 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 company s management in taking the appropriate courses of action. The Adviser employs various methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance of our investments in portfolio companies, which can include the following: 
 monthly or quarterly analysis of financial and operating performance; 
 frequent assessment of the portfolio company s performance against its business plan and our investment expectations; 
 attendance at and/or participation in the portfolio company s board of directors or management meetings; 
 assessment of portfolio company management, sponsor, governance, and strategic direction; 
 assessment of the portfolio company s industry and competitive environment; and 
 review and assessment of the portfolio company s operating outlook and financial projections. 
 Relationship Management 
 The Adviser s investment professionals interact with various parties involved with a portfolio company, or investment, by actively engaging with internal and external constituents, including: 
 management; 
 boards of directors; 
 private equity sponsors; 
 capital partners; and 
 advisers and consultants. 
 Managerial Assistance and Services 
 As a BDC, we make available significant managerial assistance, as defined in the 1940 Act, to our portfolio companies and provide other services (other than such managerial assistance) to such portfolio companies. Neither we, nor the Adviser, currently receive fees in connection with the managerial assistance we make available. At times, the Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) taking a primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100 of any fees received for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser as discussed below in Transactions with Related Parties Investment Advisory and Management Agreement Base Management Fee. However, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily for the valuation of portfolio companies. 
 Gladstone Securities also provides other services (such as investment banking and due diligence services) to certain of our portfolio companies and receives fees for the provision of such services; see Transactions with Related Parties Other Transactions below. 
 
 Valuation Process 
 
 Our Board of Directors has approved investment valuation policies and procedures pursuant to Rule 2a-5 (the Policy 
 and, in July 2022, designated the Adviser to serve as the Board of Directors valuation designee Valuation Designee 
 under the 1940 Act. 
 
 The following is a general description of the Policy that the professionals of the Adviser and Administrator, with oversight and direction from our chief valuation officer, an employee of the Administrator that reports directly to our Board of Directors (collectively, the Valuation Team ), use each quarter to determine the fair value of our investment portfolio. In accordance with the 1940 Act, our Board of Directors has the ultimate responsibility for reviewing the good faith fair value determination of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available based on our Policy and for overseeing the Valuation Designee. The Adviser values our investments in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Act and accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). There is no single standard for determining fair value (especially for privately-held businesses), as fair value depends upon the specific facts and circumstances of each individual investment. Each quarter, our Board of Directors reviews the Policy to determine if changes thereto are advisable and whether the Valuation Team has applied the Policy consistently. With respect to the valuation of our investment portfolio, the Valuation Team performs the following steps each quarter: 
 Each investment is initially assessed by the Valuation Team using the Policy, which may include: 
 obtaining fair value quotes or utilizing valuation inputs from third party valuation firms; and 
 using techniques, such as total enterprise value, yield analysis, market quotes and other factors, including but not limited to: the nature and realizable value of the collateral, including external parties guaranties; any relevant offers or letters of intent to acquire the portfolio company; and the markets in which the portfolio company operates. 
 Preliminary valuation conclusions are then discussed amongst the Valuation Team and with our management and documented for review by our Board of Directors. Fair value determinations and supporting material are sent to the Board of Directors in advance of its quarterly meetings. 
 The Valuation Committee of the Board of Directors (comprised entirely of independent directors) meets to review the valuation determinations and supporting materials, discusses the information provided by the Valuation Team, determines whether the Valuation Team has followed the Policy and reviews other facts and circumstances, including current valuation risks, conflicts of interest, material valuation matters, appropriateness of valuation methodologies, back-testing results, price challenges/overides, and ongoing monitoring and oversight of pricing services. After the Valuation Committee concludes its meeting, it and the chief valuation officer, representing the Valuation Designee, present the Valuation Committee s findings on the Valuations Designee's determinations to the entire Board of Directors so that the full Board of Directors may review the Valuation Designee's determined fair values of such investments in accordance with the Policy. 
 Fair value measurements of our investments may involve subjective judgment and estimates. Due to the uncertainty inherent in valuing these securities, the determinations of fair value may fluctuate from period to period and may differ materially from the values that could be obtained if a ready market for these securities existed. Our net asset value NAV could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments are materially 
 different from the values that we ultimately realize upon our disposal of such securities. Our valuation policies, procedures and processes are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement 
 In 2006, we entered into the Advisory Agreement, which was most recently amended and restated in April 2022. In accordance with the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser fees as compensation for its services, consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee. On July 9, 2024, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Advisory Agreement or interested persons of such party, unanimously approved the renewal of the Advisory Agreement through August 31, 2025. Mr. Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer, controls the Adviser. The Board of Directors considered the following factors as the basis for its decision to renew the Advisory Agreement: (1) the nature, extent and quality of services provided by the Adviser to our shareholders; (2) the investment performance of the Company and the Adviser; (3) the costs of the services to be provided and profits to be realized by the Adviser and its affiliates from the relationship with the Company; (4) the extent to which economies of scale will be realized as the Company and the Affiliated Public Funds grow and whether the fee level under the Advisory Agreement reflects the economies of scale for the Company s investors; (5) the fee structure of the advisory and administrative agreements of comparable funds; (6) indirect profits to the Adviser created through the Company; and (7) in light of the foregoing considerations, the overall fairness of the advisory fees paid under the Advisory Agreement. 
 Based on the information reviewed and the considerations detailed above, our Board of Directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, concluded that the investment advisory fee rates and terms are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided and approved the Advisory Agreement, as being in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Base Management Fee 
 The base management fee is payable quarterly to the Adviser pursuant to our Advisory Agreement and is assessed at an annual rate of 1.75 , computed on the basis of the value of our average total assets at the end of the two most recently-completed quarters (inclusive of the current quarter), which are total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. Our Board of Directors may (as it has for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022) accept a non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credit from the Adviser to reduce the annual 1.75 base management fee on syndicated loan participations to 0.5 , to the extent that proceeds resulting from borrowings were used to purchase such syndicated loan participations. 
 Additionally, pursuant to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Adviser makes available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. The Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100 of these fees against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser; however, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily for the valuation of portfolio companies. Loan servicing fees that are payable to the Adviser pursuant to our revolving line of credit with KeyBank National Association KeyBank ), as administrative agent, lead arranger and lender (as amended and restated from time to time, our Credit Facility") are also 100 credited against the base management fee as discussed below, Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Agreement. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. The income-based incentive fee rewards the Adviser if our quarterly net investment income (before giving effect to any incentive fee) exceeds 1.75 of our net assets (2.0 during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2023), which we define as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable or contractually due but not payable during the period, at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the hurdle rate ). The income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is generally payable quarterly to the Adviser and is computed as follows: 
 no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 100.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875 (2.4375 during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, and 2.50 from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter; and 
 20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 (2.4375 during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, and 2.50 from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

Percentage of pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 allocated to income-related portion of incentive fee 
 The second part of the incentive fee is a capital gains-based incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals 20.0 of our net realized capital gains (as defined below) as of the end of the fiscal year. In determining the capital gains-based incentive fee payable to the Adviser, we calculate net realized capital gains at the end of each applicable year by subtracting the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and our entire portfolio's aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since inception. The entire portfolio s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, equals the sum of the difference between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable fiscal year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains-based incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses, less the entire portfolio s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any. If this number is positive at the end of such fiscal year, then the capital gains-based incentive fee for such year equals 20.0 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains-based incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior years. No capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded or paid since our inception through September 30, 2024, as cumulative unrealized capital depreciation has exceeded cumulative realized capital gains net of cumulative realized capital losses. 
 In accordance with GAAP, a capital gains-based incentive fee accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires us to record a capital gains-based incentive fee equal to 20.0 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains-based incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. GAAP requires that the capital gains-based incentive fee accrual consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains-based incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. No GAAP accrual for a capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded from our inception through September 30, 2024. 
 Our Board of Directors accepted non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits from the Adviser to reduce the income-based incentive fee to the extent net investment income did not cover 100.0 of distributions to common stockholders for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2022, which credits totaled million and million, respectively. There were no such credits during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Agreement 
 The Adviser also services the loans held by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gladstone Business Loan, LLC Business Loan (the borrower under our Credit Facility), in return for which the Adviser receives a 1.5 annual fee payable monthly based on the monthly aggregate outstanding balance of loans pledged under our Credit Facility. Since Business Loan is a consolidated subsidiary of ours, and the total base management fee paid to the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement cannot exceed 1.75 of total assets (less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period) during any given calendar year, we 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 treat payment of the loan servicing fee pursuant to our Credit Facility as a pre-payment of the base management fee under the Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, these loan servicing fees are 100 non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credited back to us by the Adviser. 
 Administration Agreement 
 We reimburse the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for our allocable portion of the Administrator s expenses incurred while performing services to us, which are primarily rent and salaries and benefits expenses of the Administrator s employees, including our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief compliance officer, chief valuation officer and general counsel and secretary (who also serves as the Administrator s president), and their respective staffs. 
 Our allocable portion of the Administrator s expenses are generally derived by multiplying the Administrator s total expenses by the approximate percentage of time during the current quarter the Administrator s employees performed services for us in relation to their time spent performing services for all companies serviced by the Administrator. On July 9, 2024, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Administration Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement through August 31, 2025. 
 Other Transactions 
 Mr. Gladstone also serves on the board of managers of our affiliate, Gladstone Securities, a privately-held broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Gladstone Securities is 100 indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone and has provided other services, such as investment banking and due diligence services, to certain of our portfolio companies, for which Gladstone Securities receives a fee. Any such fees paid by portfolio companies to Gladstone Securities do not impact the fees we pay to the Adviser or the non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits against the base management fee or incentive fee. For additional information refer to Note 4 Related Party Transactions of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 This is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us, to our qualification and taxation as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code and to the ownership and disposition of our shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of all of the tax considerations relating thereto. In particular, we have not described certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of stockholders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws. This summary does not discuss any aspect of state, local or foreign tax laws, or the U.S. estate or gift tax. Stockholders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding their particular situations and the possible applicability of federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws, and any proposed tax law changes. 
 
 A U.S. stockholder is a beneficial owner of stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof of the District of Columbia; 
 a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions, or if the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or 
 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
 RIC Status 
 To qualify for treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must generally distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90.0 of our taxable ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses Investment Company Taxable Income ). We refer to this as the annual distribution requirement. We must also meet several additional requirements, including: 
 Business Development Company status. At all times during the taxable year, we must maintain our status as a BDC. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Income source requirements. At least 90.0 of our gross income for each taxable year must be from dividends, interest, payments with respect to securities, loans, gains from sales or other dispositions of securities or other income (including certain deemed inclusions) derived with respect to our business of investing in securities, and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership. 
 Asset diversification requirements. As of the close of each quarter of our taxable year: (1) at least 50 of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, U.S. government securities, the securities of other regulated investment companies and other securities to the extent that (a) we do not hold more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of an issuer of such other securities and (b) such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of our total assets, and (2) no more than 25 of the value of our total assets may be invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or the securities of other regulated investment companies) of (i) one issuer, (ii) two or more issuers that are controlled by us and are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, and (iii) one or more qualified publicly-traded partnerships. 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 If we were to fail to meet the income, diversification, or distribution tests described above, we could in some cases cure such failure, including by paying a fund-level tax, paying interest, making additional distributions, or disposing of certain assets. If we were ineligible to or otherwise did not cure such failure, or were otherwise unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at the regular corporate income tax rate and would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes, even if we distributed all of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders. We would not be able to deduct distributions to our stockholders, nor would we be required to make such distributions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income and, subject to certain limitations under the Code, would be eligible for the current maximum rate applicable to qualifying dividend income of individuals and other non-corporate U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends received deduction, if applicable. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s adjusted tax basis, and then as capital gain. If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then seek to requalify as a RIC, we generally would be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any unrealized appreciation with respect to our assets unless we make a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any such unrealized appreciation during the succeeding five-year period. 
 Qualification as a RIC 
 If we qualify as a RIC and meet the annual distribution requirement, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our Investment Company Taxable Income and net capital gain (realized net long term capital gain in excess of realized net short term capital loss) that we timely distribute (or are deemed to timely distribute) to our stockholders. If we fail to distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our net capital gains for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year (or November 30 or December 31 of that year if we are permitted to elect and so elect) and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding period (to the extent that income tax was not imposed on such amounts), less certain reductions, as applicable (together, the excise tax distribution requirements ), we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on the portion of the undistributed amounts of such income that are less than the amounts required to be distributed based on the excise tax distribution requirements. For the calendar years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we did not incur any excise taxes. As of September 30, 2024, our capital loss carryforward was million. 
 If we acquire debt obligations that (i) were originally issued at a discount, (ii) bear interest at rates that are not either fixed rates or certain qualified variable rates, or (iii) are not unconditionally payable at least annually over the life of the obligation, we will be required to include in taxable income each year a portion of the original issue discount OID that accrues over the life of the obligation. Additionally, PIK interest, which is computed at the contractual rate specified in a loan agreement and is added to the principal balance of a loan, is also a non-cash source of income that we are required to include in taxable income each year. Both OID and PIK income will be included in our Investment Company Taxable Income even though we receive no cash corresponding to such amounts. As a result, we may be required to make additional distributions corresponding to such OID and PIK amounts in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement and to continue to qualify as a RIC or to avoid the imposition of federal income and excise taxes. In this event, we may be required to sell investments or other assets to meet the RIC distribution requirements. For the year ended September 30, 2024, we recorded million of OID income and the unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2024 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 totaled million. As of September 30, 2024, we had investments which had a PIK interest component and we recorded PIK interest income of million during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 Taxation of Our U.S. Stockholders 
 Distributions 
 For any period during which we qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, distributions to our stockholders attributable to our Investment Company Taxable Income generally will be taxable as ordinary income to our stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. We first allocate our earnings and profits to distributions to our preferred stockholders, if any, and then to distributions to our common stockholders based on priority in our capital structure. Any distributions in excess of our earnings and profits will first be treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s adjusted basis in his or her shares of stock and thereafter as capital gain. Distributions of our long-term capital gains, reported by us as such, will be taxable to our stockholders as long-term capital gains regardless of the stockholder s holding period of the stock and whether the distributions are paid in cash or invested in additional stock. Corporate U.S. stockholders generally are eligible for the 50 dividends received deduction with respect to ordinary income dividends received from us, but only to the extent such amount is attributable to dividends received by us from taxable domestic corporations. 
 A RIC that has two or more classes of stock generally is required to allocate to each class proportionate amounts of each type of its income (such as ordinary income, capital gains, qualified dividend income and dividends qualifying for the dividends-received deduction) based upon the percentage of total distributions paid to each class for the tax year. Accordingly, for any tax year in which we have common shares and preferred shares, we intend to allocate capital gain distributions, distributions of qualified dividend income, and distributions qualifying for the dividends-received deduction, if any, between our common shares and preferred shares in proportion to the total distributions paid to each class with respect to such tax year. 
 Any distribution declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to our stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following year, will be treated as if it were paid by us and received by our stockholders on December 31 of the previous year. In addition, we may elect (in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code) to relate a distribution back to the prior taxable year if we (1) declare such distribution prior to the later of the extended due date for filing our return for that taxable year or the 15 th day of the ninth month following the close of the taxable year, (2) make the election in that return, and (3) distribute the amount in the 12-month period following the close of the taxable year but not later than the first regular distribution payment of the same type following the declaration. Any such election will not alter the general rule that a stockholder will be treated as receiving a distribution in the taxable year in which the distribution is made, subject to the October, November, December rule described above. 
 If a common stockholder participates in our opt in dividend reinvestment plan, then the common stockholder will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will be taxable to the common stockholder to the same extent, and with the same character, as if the common stockholder had received the distribution in cash. The common stockholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional common shares purchased through the plan equal to the dollar amount that would have been received if the U.S. stockholder had received the dividend or distribution in cash, unless we were to issue new shares that are trading at or above net asset value, in which case, the U.S. stockholder s basis in the new shares would generally be equal to their fair market value. The additional common shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the common stockholder s account. The plan agent purchases shares in the open market in connection with the obligations under the plan. 
 Sale of Our Shares 
 A U.S. stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of the shares of our common stock. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder has held the shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it will be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. All or a portion of any loss realized upon a taxable disposition of shares will be disallowed under the Code s wash sale rule if other substantially identical shares are 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 purchased within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the newly purchased shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss.Under the tax laws in effect as of the date of this filing, individual U.S. stockholders are subject to a maximum federal income tax rate of 20 on their net capital gain (i.e. the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year) including any long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to federal income tax on net capital gain at the same rates applied to their ordinary income. Capital losses are subject to limitations on use for both corporate and non-corporate stockholders. Certain U.S. stockholders who are individuals, estates or trusts generally are also subject to a 3.8 Medicare tax on, among other things, dividends on and capital gain from the sale or other disposition of shares of our stock. 
 Backup Withholding and Other Required Withholding 
 We may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax (i.e. backup withholding) from all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder (i) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding, or (ii) with respect to whom the Internal Revenue Service IRS notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number is generally his or her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s federal income tax liability, provided that proper information is timely provided to the IRS. 
 Sections 1471-1474 of the Code and the U.S. Treasury and IRS guidance issued thereunder (collectively, FATCA generally require that we obtain information sufficient to identify the status of each shareholder under FATCA or under an applicable intergovernmental agreement (an IGA between the United States and a foreign government. If a shareholder fails to provide the requested information or otherwise fails to comply with FATCA or an IGA, we may be required to withhold under FATCA at a rate of 30 with respect to that shareholder on ordinary dividends it pays. The IRS and the Department of Treasury have issued proposed regulations providing that these withholding rules will not apply to the gross proceeds of share redemptions or capital gain dividends we pay. If a payment is subject to FATCA withholding, we are required to withhold even if such payment would otherwise be exempt from withholding under the rules applicable to foreign shareholders described above (e.g., interest-related dividends). In addition, subject to certain exceptions, this legislation also imposes a 30 withholding on payments to foreign entities that are not financial institutions unless the foreign entity certifies that it does not have a greater than 10 U.S. owner or provides the withholding agent with identifying information on each greater than 10 U.S. owner. Depending on the status of a non-U.S. stockholder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, non-U.S. stockholders could be subject to this 30 withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares and proceeds from the sale of their shares. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. stockholder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. 
 Information Reporting 
 We will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, after the end of each calendar year, a notice providing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in the U.S. stockholder s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain, if any. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each year s distributions will generally be reported to the IRS (including the amount of dividends, if any, eligible for the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains). 
 Regulation as a BDC 
 We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under Section 54 of the 1940 Act. As such, we are subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a vote of a majority of outstanding voting securities, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 In general, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the U.S. and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in qualifying assets, as described in Sections 55(a)(1) through (a)(3) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets, other than certain interests in furniture, equipment, real estate, or leasehold improvements Operating Assets represent at least 70.0 of total assets, exclusive of Operating Assets. The types of qualifying assets in which we may invest under the 1940 Act include the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer is an eligible portfolio company. An eligible portfolio company is generally defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, any state or states in the U.S.; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC or otherwise excluded from the definition of investment company); and 
 (c) satisfies one of the following: 
 (i) it does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit; 
 (ii) it is controlled by the BDC and for which an affiliate of the BDC serves as a director; 
 (iii) it has total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million; 
 (iv) it does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 
 (v) it has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, with an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting equity of less than 250.0 million. 
 (2) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (3) Cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 99.7 of our assets were qualifying assets. 
 Asset Coverage 
 Pursuant to Section 61(a)(3) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue multiple classes of senior securities representing indebtedness. However, pursuant to Section 18(c) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue only one class of senior securities that is stock. In either case, we may only issue such senior securities if such class of senior securities, after such issuance, has an asset coverage, as defined in Section 18(h) of the 1940 Act, of at least 150 . 
 In addition, our ability to pay dividends or distributions (other than dividends payable in our common stock) to holders of any class of our capital stock would be restricted if our senior securities representing indebtedness fail to have an asset coverage of at least 150 (measured at the time of declaration of such distribution and accounting for such distribution). The 1940 Act does not apply this limitation to privately arranged debt that is not intended to be publicly distributed, unless this limitation is specifically negotiated by the lender. In addition, our ability to pay dividends or distributions (other than dividends payable in our common stock) to our common stockholders would be restricted if our senior securities that are stock fail to have an asset coverage of at least 150 (measured at the time of declaration of such distribution and accounting for such distribution). If the value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy these asset coverage requirements. To satisfy the 150 asset coverage requirement in the event that we are seeking to pay a distribution, we might either have to (i) liquidate a portion of our portfolio to repay a portion of our indebtedness or (ii) issue common stock. This may occur at a time when a sale of a portfolio asset may be disadvantageous, or when we have limited access to capital markets on agreeable terms. In addition, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness or for offering costs will not be available for distributions to our stockholders. If we are unable to regain the requisite asset coverage through these methods, we may be forced to suspend the payment of such dividends or distributions. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance 
 A BDC generally must make available significant managerial assistance to issuers of certain of its portfolio securities that the BDC counts as a qualifying asset for the 70.0 test described above. Making available significant managerial 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Significant managerial assistance also includes the exercise of a controlling influence over the management and policies of the portfolio company. However, with respect to certain, but not all such securities, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance, or the BDC may exercise such control jointly. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Below is a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in our securities. In addition to the below, you should carefully consider the information included in Risk Factors beginning on page 21 of this Annual Report together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report and the other reports and documents filed or furnished by us with the SEC for a more detailed discussion of the principal risks as well as certain other risks that you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our securities. 
 Market conditions could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Volatility in the capital markets may make it more difficult to raise capital and may adversely affect the valuations of our investments. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results based on the impact of inflation in the U.S. 
 Market interest rates may have an effect on the value of our securities. 
 Changes in interest rates may negatively impact our investments and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The lack of liquidity of our privately held investments may adversely affect our business. 
 Our investments in lower middle market companies are extremely risky and could cause you to lose all or a part of your investment. 
 We often invest in transactions involving acquisitions, buyouts and recapitalizations of companies, which will subject us to the risks associated with change in control transactions. 
 Our portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of companies and industries, which subjects us to an increased risk of significant loss if any one of these companies does not repay us or if the industries experience downturns. 
 Any inability to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility on terms favorable to us, or at all, could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to fund new investments or maintain distributions to our stockholders. 
 We are subject to restrictions that may discourage a change of control. Certain provisions contained in our articles of incorporation and Maryland law may prohibit or restrict a change of control and adversely impact the price of our common stock. 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest, including with the Adviser, which could impact our investment returns. 
 Our success depends on the Adviser s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in a competitive environment. 
 Our incentive fee may induce the Adviser to make certain investments, including speculative investments. 
 We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a loss. 
 The Adviser is not obligated to provide a credit of the base management fee or incentive fee, which could negatively impact our earnings and our ability to maintain our current level of distributions to our stockholders. 
 There is a risk that you may not receive distributions or that distributions may not grow over time. 
 Investing in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. 
 Common shares of closed-end investment companies frequently trade at a discount to the NAV per share. 
 The indentures under which our unsecured notes were issued contain limited protection for holders of such notes. 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, or the operations of businesses in which we invest, a compromise or corruption of our confidential 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 information and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We, and all of the Gladstone Companies, have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct applicable to all of the officers, directors and personnel of such companies that complies with the guidelines set forth in Item 406 of Regulation S-K and Rule 17j-1 of the 1940 Act. As required by the 1940 Act, this code establishes procedures for personal investments, restricts certain transactions by such personnel and requires the reporting of certain transactions and holdings by such personnel. This code of ethics and business conduct is publicly available on the Investors section of our website under Governance Governance Documents at www.GladstoneCapital.com. Appendix A to the code of ethics and business conduct is our . We intend to provide any required disclosure of any amendments to or waivers of the provisions of this code by posting information regarding any such amendment or waiver to our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws, and our Board of Directors is required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually to assess their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. We have designated a chief compliance officer, John Dellafiora, Jr., who also serves as chief compliance officer for all of the Gladstone Companies. 
 Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees in the foreseeable future. Currently, services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser and the Administrator pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, respectively. We expect that 25 to 30 full time employees of the Adviser and the Administrator will spend substantial time on our matters during the remainder of calendar year 2024 and all of calendar year 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the Adviser and the Administrator collectively had 73 full-time employees. A breakdown of these employees is summarized by functional area in the table below: 
 Number of Individuals Functional Area 13 Executive management 
 23 Accounting, administration, compliance, human resources, legal and treasury 
 37 Investment management, portfolio management and due diligence 
 
 The Adviser and the Administrator aim to attract and retain capable advisory and administrative personnel, respectively, by offering competitive base salaries and bonus structure and by providing employees with appropriate opportunities for professional growth. 
 Available Information 
 We file with or furnish to the SEC copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information meeting the information requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and make such reports and any amendments thereto available free of charge through the Investors section of our website at www.GladstoneCapital.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

22 

Table of Contents 

23 

Table of Contents 

 million, or of the cost basis of all debt investments in our portfolio, and a fair value of million, or of the fair value of all debt investments in our portfolio. For any loans that are placed on non-accrual status, we cannot assure you that our efforts to improve profitability and cash flows of these companies will prove successful. In some of our portfolio companies we expect to be subordinated to a senior lender, and our interest in any collateral would, accordingly, likely be subordinate to another lender s security interest. 
 Lower middle market companies typically have narrower product lines and smaller market shares than large businesses. Because our target portfolio companies are lower middle market businesses, they tend to be more vulnerable to competitors actions, supply chain issues and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns. In addition, our portfolio companies often face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing, and other capabilities and a larger number of qualified managerial, or technical personnel. 
 There is generally little or no publicly available information about these businesses. Because we seek to invest in privately owned businesses, there is generally little or no publicly available operating and financial information about our potential portfolio companies. As a result, we rely on our officers, the Adviser and its employees, Gladstone Securities and certain consultants to perform due diligence investigations of these portfolio companies, their operations, and their prospects. We may not learn all of the material information we need to know regarding these businesses through our investigations to make a well-informed investment decision. 
 Lower middle market companies generally have less predictable operating results. We expect that our portfolio companies may have significant variations in their operating results, may from time to time be exposed to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, to finance expansion or to maintain their competitive position, may otherwise have a weak financial position, or may be adversely affected by changes in the business cycle. Our portfolio companies may not meet net income, cash flow, and other coverage tests typically imposed by their senior lenders. A borrower s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by senior lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, foreclosure on its senior credit facility, which could additionally trigger cross-defaults in other agreements. If this were to occur, it is possible that the borrower s ability to repay any of our loans would be jeopardized. 
 Lower middle market companies are more likely to be dependent on one or two persons. Typically, the success of a lower middle market business also depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons. The death, disability, or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our certain of our portfolio companies and, in turn, on us. 
 Lower middle market companies may have limited operating histories. While we focus on stable companies with proven track records, we may make loans to new companies that meet our other investment criteria. Portfolio companies with limited operating histories will be exposed to all of the operating risks that new businesses face and may be particularly susceptible to, among other risks, market downturns, competitive pressures and the departure of key executive officers. 
 Debt securities of lower middle market companies typically are not rated by a credit rating agency. Typically, a lower middle market private business cannot or will not expend the resources to have its debt securities rated by a credit rating agency. We expect that most, if not all, of the debt securities we acquire will be unrated. Investors should assume that these loans would be at rates below investment grade quality. Investments rated below investment grade are often referred to as high yield securities or junk bonds and may be considered high risk as compared to investment-grade debt instruments. 
 Lower middle market companies may be highly leveraged. Some of our portfolio companies are highly leveraged, which could have adverse consequences to these companies and to us as an investor. These companies m ay be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and the leverage could impair these companies ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. Further, a 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

25 

Table of Contents 

26 

Table of Contents 

 portfolio companies, of which our five largest investments comprised approximately million, or of our total investment portfolio, at fair value. A consequence of a concentration in a limited number of investments is that the aggregate returns we realize may be substantially adversely affected by the unfavorable performance of a small number of such investments or a substantial write-down of any one investment. Beyond our regulatory and income tax diversification requirements, we do not have fixed guidelines for industry concentration and our investments could potentially be concentrated in relatively few industries. In addition, while we do not intend to invest 25.0 or more of our total assets in a particular industry or group of industries at the time of investment, it is possible that as the values of our portfolio companies change, one industry or a group of industries may comprise in excess of 25.0 of the value of our total assets. As of September 30, 2024, our largest industry concentrations of our total investments at fair value were in diversified/conglomerate service companies, representing 22.5 ; diversified/conglomerate manufacturing companies, representing 20.1 ; and aerospace and defense companies, representing 19.2 . Therefore, we are susceptible to the economic circumstances in these industries, and a downturn in one or more of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Investments in securities of foreign portfolio companies, if any, may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 
 We may make investments in securities of foreign companies. Investing in foreign companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. 
 In addition, any investments that we make that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital gains, and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk, or, that if we do, such strategies will be effective. 
 We invest in equity securities, which involves a substantial degree of risk. 
 We invest in common and other equity securities of portfolio companies. The returns on common stock have historically been significantly more volatile than fixed income securities. The value of such equity securities, which oftentimes are not publicly traded or liquid, will rise and fall in response to the activities of the company that issued the securities, general market conditions, and/or specific economic or political conditions. The equity securities that we acquire may fail to appreciate or may decline in value. 
 Because preferred stock represents an equity ownership interest in a company and is typically subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company s capital structure, in terms of priority to corporate income, they are generally subject to greater credit risk than those debt instruments. Accordingly, their value usually will react more strongly than bonds and other debt instruments to actual or perceived changes in a company s financial condition or prospects or to fluctuations in the equity markets. Preferred stockholders generally have no voting rights or their voting rights are limited to certain extraordinary transactions or events. Unlike interest payments on debt securities, preferred stock dividends are payable only if declared by the issuer s board of directors. Preferred stock also may be subject to optional or mandatory redemption provisions. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million, with a revolving period end date of October 31, 2025 (the Revolving Period End Date ). Our Credit Facility permits us to fund additional loans and investments as long as we are within the conditions set forth in the credit agreement. Our Credit Facility contains covenants that require our wholly-owned subsidiary, Business Loan, to maintain its status as a separate legal entity, prohibit certain significant corporate transactions (such as mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions) and restrict material changes to our credit and collection policies without lenders consent. The Credit Facility also limits distributions to our stockholders on a fiscal year basis to the sum of our net investment income, net capital gains and amounts deemed to have been paid during the prior year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. We are also subject to certain limitations on the type of loan investments we can make, including restrictions on geographic concentrations, sector concentrations, loan size, interest rate type, payment frequency and status, average life and lien property. Our Credit Facility further requires us to comply with other financial and operational covenants, which obligate us to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including asset and interest coverage, and a minimum number of 25 obligors in the borrowing base. Additionally, we are required to maintain (i) a minimum net worth (defined in our Credit Facility to include any outstanding mandatorily redeemable preferred stock) of 325.0 million plus 50.0 of all 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million as of September 30, 2024, (ii) asset coverage with respect to senior securities representing indebtedness of at least 150 (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act), and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. Continued compliance with the covenants in our Credit Facility depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 Any unrealized depreciation in our portfolio may increase in future periods and threaten our ability to comply with the minimum net worth covenant and other covenants under our Credit Facility. Our failure to satisfy these covenants could result in foreclosure by our lenders, which would accelerate our repayment obligations under the facility and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Any inability to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility on terms favorable to us, or at all, could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to fund new investments or maintain distributions to our stockholders. 
 If our Credit Facility is not renewed or extended by the Revolving Period End Date, all principal and interest will be due and payable on or before October 31, 2027. Subject to certain terms and conditions, our Credit Facility may be expanded to a total of 350.0 million pursuant to an accordion feature. However, if additional lenders are unwilling to join the facility on its terms, we will be unable to expand the facility and thus will continue to have limited availability to finance new investments under our Credit Facility. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility by the Revolving Period End Date on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Our ability to expand our Credit Facility, and to obtain replacement financing at or before the Revolving Period End Date, will be constrained by then-current economic conditions affecting the credit markets. In the event that we are not able to expand our Credit Facility, or to renew, extend or refinance our Credit Facility by the Revolving Period End Date, this could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund new investments, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and our ability to qualify as a RIC under the Code. 
 If we are unable to secure replacement financing, we may be forced to sell certain assets on disadvantageous terms, which may result in realized losses, and such realized losses could materially exceed the amount of any unrealized depreciation on these assets as of our most recent balance sheet date, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition to selling assets, or as an alternative, we may issue equity in order to repay amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility. Depending on the trading prices of our common stock, such an equity offering could have a substantial dilutive impact on our existing stockholders interest in our earnings, assets and voting interest in us. If we are not able to renew, extend or refinance our Credit Facility prior to its maturity, it could result in significantly higher interest rates and related charges and may impose significant restrictions on the use of borrowed funds to fund investments or maintain distributions to stockholders. 
 Our business plan is dependent upon external financing, which is constrained by the limitations of the 1940 Act. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital through issuing equity or debt in the near future. However, our business requires a substantial amount of cash to operate and grow. We may acquire such additional capital from the following sources: 
 Senior Securities. We may issue senior securities representing indebtedness (such as borrowings under our Credit Facility and our notes payable) and senior securities that are stock (such as preferred stock) up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act currently permits us, as a BDC, to issue such senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in Section 18(h) of the 1940 Act, is at least 150 on such senior security immediately after each issuance of such senior security. As a result of issuing senior securities (in whatever form), we will be exposed to the risks associated with leverage. Although borrowing money for investments increases the potential for gain, it also increases the risk of a loss. A decrease in the value of our investments will have a greater impact on the value of our common stock to the extent that we have borrowed money to make investments. There is a possibility that the costs of borrowing could exceed the income we receive on the investments we make with such borrowed funds. In addition, our ability to pay distributions, issue senior securities or repurchase shares of our common stock would be restricted if the asset coverage on each of our senior securities is not at least 150 . If the aggregate value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy that 150 requirement. To satisfy the 150 asset coverage requirement in the event that we are seeking to pay a distribution, we might either have to (i) liquidate a portion of our loan portfolio to repay a portion of our indebtedness or (ii) issue common stock. This may occur at a time when a sale of a portfolio asset may be 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The use of leverage, including through the issuance of senior securities that are debt or stock, magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested, and, if we incur additional leverage, this potential will be further magnified. As of September 30, 2024, we incurred leverage through the Credit Facility, the Series A Preferred Stock, the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2028 Notes. From time to time, we intend to incur additional leverage to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act.) ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (A) The hypothetical return to common stockholders is calculated by multiplying our total assets as of September 30, 2024 by the assumed rates of return and subtracting all interest on our debt to be paid during the 12 months following September 30, 2024, and then dividing the resulting difference by our total net assets attributable to common stock as of September 30, 2024. Based on 812.5 million in total assets, 70.6 million drawn on our Credit Facility (at cost), 150.0 million in our 2026 Notes payable (at cost), 50.0 million in our 2027 Notes payable (at cost), 57.0 million in our 2028 Notes payable (at cost), 8.7 million in our Series A Preferred Stock (at cost), and 470.9 million in net assets, each as of September 30, 2024. 
 Based on an aggregate outstanding indebtedness of 336.3 million at cost as of September 30, 2024 and the effective annual cash interest rate of as of that date, our investment portfolio at fair value would have had to produce an annual return of at least to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 million of OID income and the unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2024 totaled million. As of September 30, 2024, we had investments which had a PIK interest component and we recorded PIK interest income of million during the year ended September 30, 2024. We collected million in PIK interest in cash for the year ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, we must meet asset diversification and income source requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. If we fail to meet these tests, we may need to quickly dispose of certain investments to prevent the loss of RIC status. Since most of our investments will be illiquid, such dispositions, if even possible, may not be made at prices advantageous to us and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC as of a calendar quarter or annually for any reason and become fully subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution, and the actual amount distributed. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our common stock. 
 Some of our debt investments may include success fees that would generate payments to us if the business is ultimately sold. Because the satisfaction of these success fees, and the ultimate payment of these fees, is uncertain, we generally only recognize them as income when the payment is received. Success fee amounts are characterized as ordinary income for tax purposes and, as a result, we are required to distribute such amounts to our stockholders in order to maintain RIC status. 
 If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. 
 As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets, exclusive of Operating Assets, are qualifying assets, as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 
 We believe that most of the investments that we may acquire in the future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe to be attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at disadvantageous times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we do not maintain our status as a BDC, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act, which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility. In addition, any such failure to maintain our status as a BDC could cause an event of default under out outstanding indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

33 

Table of Contents 

 million of OID income and the unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2024 totaled million. As of September 30, 2024, we had investments which had a PIK interest component and we recorded PIK interest income of million during the year ended September 30, 2024. We collected million in PIK interest in cash for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Adviser s failure to identify and invest in securities that meet our investment criteria or perform its responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement would likely adversely affect our ability for future growth. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives will depend on our ability to grow, which in turn will depend on the Adviser s ability to identify and invest in securities that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis will be largely a function of the Adviser s structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent and efficient services to us, and our access to financing on acceptable terms. The Adviser s senior management team has substantial responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement. In order to grow, the Adviser will need to hire, train, supervise, and manage new employees successfully. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

35 

Table of Contents 

36 

Table of Contents 

37 

Table of Contents 

38 

Table of Contents 

39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

41 

Table of Contents 

42 

Table of Contents 

43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 Our Adviser and Administrator have implemented ongoing processes that are designed to continually identify, assess, manage, monitor and mitigate the dynamic and evolving material risks to us from cybersecurity threats. Our Adviser s and Administrator s resource management, information technology IT ), and compliance departments work in conjunction with an independent third-party information technology service provider ISP engaged by our Adviser to manage our information technology strategy. The ISP regularly performs cyber assessments and assist our Adviser and Administrator 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 in monitoring our cyber and information security programs. The ISP proposes recommendations for improvements to our Adviser s Head of Resource Management, Director of IT, and Chief Compliance Officer CCO ), which then are considered by other relevant officers of our Adviser and Administrator before implementation. 
 
 In addition, regular ongoing cybersecurity threat risk assessments, which also cover third-party business applications, are performed throughout the year and reported to our officers and Board of Directors by our CCO no less than quarterly. Cybersecurity risks are assessed in general as part of the overall enterprise risk management for us, but also specifically between the ISP and our Adviser and Administrator in monitoring and determining not only the risks but also in assessing corresponding processes and procedures to mitigate those risks appropriately. 
 
 Our ISP constantly monitors information technology risk and cybersecurity threats globally. When risks are detected the Director of IT, Head of Resource Management, and CCO consult with the ISP to assess if the risk is a cybersecurity threat to our information technology systems or data. If a risk to our information systems or data is identified, we, through our Adviser and Administrator, work in conjunction with the ISP to implement recommended processes, improvements, or safeguards to our systems or processes to address the risks as needed. Relevant examples of such efforts include but are not limited to: 
 implementation of industry leading Cloud solutions and business applications which possess integrated cybersecurity safeguards; 
 anti-malware, antivirus and threat detection software; 
 ransomware containment and isolation software; 
 enhanced password requirements and multifactor authentication requirements; 
 endpoint encryption; 
 intrusion detection and response system conduct file integrity monitoring; 
 email archiving, firewalls, and quarantine capabilities; 
 mobile device management of business applications; 
 frequent systems backups with recovery capabilities; and 
 regular vulnerability scans and penetration testing. 
 
 Contractually, we require the ISP to annually provide a third-party report on its systems and on the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of its controls relevant to information and cyber security. In addition to the ongoing dialogue and technology interaction between the director of IT, our Adviser and Administrator and the ISP, any significant findings in these reports are shared with us, including our Board of Directors and other officers, to enhance ongoing monitoring and assessment of our information technology and cybersecurity risk management. 
 
 Our Adviser and Administrator also regularly trains employees working on our behalf on the evolving threats and educates them on cybersecurity risks to provide an additional protection barrier through end-user knowledge. 
 
 Notwithstanding our risk management and strategy described above, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on us. We are not currently aware of any known cybersecurity risks that may materially impact our operations and we may not be able to determine the likelihood of such risks. See Risk Factors - Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, or the operations of businesses in which we invest, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. for a discussion of risks related to cybersecurity and cyber incidents. 
 
 Governance 
 
 Our Board of Directors is actively engaged in overseeing our cybersecurity and information security program. Our Board of Directors receives regular reports during board meetings from our CCO on our and our Adviser s and Administrator s efforts concerning information security and addressing information technology and cybersecurity risks, no less than quarterly, and regularly receives updates from third parties on various business risks, which include cybersecurity matters. The reports are distributed to our Board of Directors, and our CCO engages in detailed discussions with the independent board members during the independent members session. The reports cover potentially material cybersecurity threats 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 facing us, as well as key risks and mitigation efforts undertaken by us and our Adviser and Administrator. As significant threats or events are identified by management or the ISP between regular reporting periods, our CCO will inform our Board of Directors immediately and keep it informed as to the developments of assessing the risks, mitigating efforts, and potential disclosure. Appropriate members of management and third party providers will be involved as deemed necessary based on the potential impact. 
 
 Our Head of Resources Management, who is also a member of our Board of Directors, and our CCO lead our cybersecurity program. Our Head of Resources Management has more than 30 years of overall experience and more than 20 years directly assessing and managing our cyber information technology and human resources systems, and the associated security concerns. Our CCO has more than 30 years of overall experience as a CPA, with more than 15 years managing information technology systems and databases, and more than 15 years supporting our Adviser s and Administrator s resource management department. This includes identifying, assessing, mitigating, and monitoring cyber information security risks. Our Director of IT has over 20 years of experience in IT, with a focus in the implementation of information security projects to enhance organizations resilience against emerging threats, and has collaborated closely with security vendors/partners to contain and address cybersecurity incidents. These managers, as well as other management personnel, attend various professional continuing education programs, which include cybersecurity matters. Certain members of our Board of Directors have, or previously held, positions with other companies, including other public companies, that involved managing risks associated with their cyber and information technology systems. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties material to our operations. The Adviser is the current leaseholder of all properties in which we operate. We occupy these premises pursuant to the Advisory and Administration Agreements with the Adviser and Administrator, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol GLAD. The following table reflects, by quarter, the high and low intraday sales prices per share of our common stock on the Nasdaq, the high and low intraday sales prices as a percentage of NAV per share and quarterly distributions declared per common share for each fiscal quarter during the last two completed fiscal years and the current fiscal year through November 12, 2024. 
 Quarter 
 Ended/ 
 Ending (C) 
 Sales Prices Premium / 
 (Discount) of 
 High to 
 NAV (B) 
 Premium 
 (Discount) of 
 Low to 
 NAV (B) 
 Declared Common Stock Distributions NAV (A) 
 High Low Fiscal Year ended September 30, 2023: 12/31/2022 18.12 21.34 16.46 17.8 (9.2) 0.42 3/31/2023 18.38 21.74 17.74 18.3 (3.5) 0.45 6/30/2023 18.54 19.84 18.22 7.0 (1.7) 0.48 9/30/2023 18.78 22.56 19.08 20.1 1.6 0.54 Fiscal Year ended September 30, 2024 12/31/2023 19.22 21.64 18.40 12.6 (4.3) 0.495 3/31/2024 19.80 22.48 19.40 13.5 (2.0) 0.495 6/30/2024 20.18 23.34 19.20 15.7 (4.9) 0.495 9/30/2024 21.18 24.73 21.40 16.8 1.0 0.495 Fiscal Year ending September 30, 2025: 12/31/2024 (through 11/12/2024) 
 25.60 23.70 
 
 0.895 
 (A) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low intraday sales prices. The NAVs per share shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 
 (B) The premiums (discounts) set forth in these columns represent the high or low, as applicable, intraday sale prices per share for the relevant quarter minus the NAV per share as of the end of such quarter, and therefore may not reflect the premium (discount) to NAV per share on the date of the high and low intraday sales prices. 
 (C) Per share data has been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the 1-for-2 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024 (effective April 5, 2024 for trading purposes) for all activity prior to that date, as described in See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Not yet available, as the NAV per share as of the end of this quarter has not yet been determined. 
 As of November 12, 2024, there were 28 record owners of our common stock. 
 Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute in the form of cash distributions a minimum of 90.0 of our Investment Company Taxable Income, if any, on a quarterly basis to our stockholders in the form of monthly distributions. We generally intend to retain some or all of our long-term capital gains, if any, but generally intend to designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution, after giving effect to any prior year realized losses that are carried forward, to supplement our equity capital and support the growth of our portfolio. However, in certain cases, our Board of Directors may choose to distribute our net realized long-term capital gains, if any, by paying a one-time special distribution. Additionally, our Credit Facility contains a covenant that limits distributions to our stockholders on an annual basis to the sum of our net investment income, net capital gains and amounts deemed to have been paid during the prior year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not sell any unregistered shares of stock during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. See Capital Raising below for information regarding the unregistered sale of the 2027 Notes in November 2021. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our stock during the fourth quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the total stockholder return on an investment of 100 in cash on September 30, 2019 for (i) our common stock, (ii) the Nasdaq s 100 total return index Nasdaq 100 TR ), (iii) the Standard Poor s 500 total return index (the S P 500 TR and (iv) the Standard and Poor s BDC index S P BDC ). The graph and other information furnished under the heading Stock Performance Graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference and shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. 
 The returns on each investment assume reinvestment of dividends. This stock performance graph and the related textual information are not necessarily indicative of future performance. Per share data has been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024. 
 
 GLAD Nasdaq 
 100 TR 
 S P 
 500 TR 
 S P BDC Index 9/30/2019 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 9/30/2020 84.76 148.75 115.15 80.26 9/30/2021 139.80 192.74 149.70 123.88 9/30/2022 113.01 145.09 126.54 105.51 9/29/2023 141.09 196.33 153.89 141.81 9/30/2024 193.27 269.90 209.83 164.88 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Fees and Expenses 
 The following table is intended to assist you in understanding the costs and expenses that an investor in the Company will bear directly or indirectly. We caution you that some of the percentages indicated in the table below are estimates and may vary. Except where the context suggests otherwise, whenever this Annual Report contains a reference to fees or expenses paid by us or the Company, or that we will pay fees or expenses, stockholders will indirectly bear such fees or expenses. The following annualized percentages were calculated based on actual expenses incurred in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and average net assets for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Stockholder Transaction Expenses: Sales load (as a percentage of offering price) (1) 
 Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) (1) 
 Dividend reinvestment plan expenses (2) 
 Up to a 25.00 Transaction Fee Total stockholder transaction expenses (1) 
 Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock) (3) : 
 Base Management fee (4) 
 3.07 Loan servicing fee (5) 
 1.97 Incentive fee (20 of realized capital gains and 20 of pre-incentive fee net investment income) (6) 
 2.37 Interest payments on borrowed funds (7) 
 5.29 Preferred stock dividends (8) 
 0.10 Other expenses (9) 
 1.04 Total annual expenses (10) 
 13.84 
 __________ 
 (1) The amounts set forth in this table do not reflect the impact of any sales load, sales commission or other offering expenses borne by the Company and its stockholders. If applicable, the prospectus or prospectus supplement relating to an offering of our common stock will disclose the offering price and the estimated offering expenses and total stockholder transaction expenses borne by the Company and its common stockholders as a percentage of the offering price. In the event that shares of our common stock are sold to or through underwriters, the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement will also disclose the applicable sales load. 
 (2) The expenses of the dividend reinvestment plan, if any, are included in stock record expenses, a component of other expenses. If a participant elects by written notice to the plan agent prior to termination of his or her account to have the plan agent sell part or all of the shares held by the plan agent in the participant s account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the plan agent is authorized to deduct a transaction fee, plus per share brokerage commissions, from the proceeds. The participants in the dividend reinvestment plan will bear a pro rata share of brokerage commissions incurred with respect to open market purchases, if any. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Distributions and Dividends to Stockholders Dividend Reinvestment Plan for information on the dividend reinvestment plan. 
 (3) The percentages presented in this table are gross of credits to any fees. 
 (4) In accordance with our Advisory Agreement, our annual base management fee is 1.75 (0.4375 quarterly) of our average gross assets, which are defined as total assets of the Company, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases. In accordance with the requirements of the SEC, the table above shows the Company s management fee as a percentage of average net assets attributable to common shareholders. For purposes of the table, the gross base management fee has been converted to 3.07 of the average net assets as of September 30, 2024 by dividing the total dollar amount of the management fee by our average net assets. The base management fee for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 before application of any credits was 3.5 million. From time to time, the Adviser has non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to reduce the 1.75 base management fee on syndicated loan participations to 0.5 , to the extent that proceeds resulting from borrowings were used to purchase such syndicated loan participations. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, this credit to the base management fee was 18 thousand. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser has provided and continues to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. It may also provide services other than managerial assistance to our portfolio companies and receive fees therefor. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. Generally, at the end of each quarter, 100.0 of the fees for such services are non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably credited against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser; however, a small percentage of certain of such fees, primarily for valuation of the portfolio company, is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement at cost for certain tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the base management fee credit was 0.4 million. See Item 1. Business Transactions with Related Parties Investment Advisory and Management Agreement for additional information. 
 (5) The Adviser services, administers and collects on the loans held by Business Loan in return for which the Adviser receives a 1.5 annual loan servicing fee payable monthly by Business Loan based on the monthly aggregate balance of loans held by Business Loan in accordance with the Credit Facility. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the total loan servicing fee was 2.2 million. The entire loan servicing fee paid to the Adviser by Business Loan is generally non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably credited against the base management fee otherwise payable to the Adviser since Business Loan is a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and overall, the base management fee (including any loan servicing fee) cannot exceed 1.75 of total assets (including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings) during any given fiscal year pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. See Item 1. Business Transactions with Related Parties Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Facility and footnote 4 above for additional information. 
 (6) In accordance with our Advisory Agreement, the incentive fee consists of two parts: an income-based fee and a capital gains-based fee. The income-based fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and equals 20.0 of the excess, if any, of our pre-incentive fee net investment income that exceeds a 1.75 quarterly (7.0 annualized) hurdle rate of our net assets (2.0 quarterly and 8.0 annualized during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2023), subject to a catch-up provision measured as of the end of each calendar quarter. The catch-up provision requires us to pay 100.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 125.0 of the quarterly hurdle rate (or 2.1875 , 2.4375 during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, and 2.50 during the period from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized, 9.75 annualized during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, 10.0 annualized during the period from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023). The catch-up provision is meant to provide the Adviser with 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 125.0 of the quarterly hurdle rate in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized, 9.75 annualized during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, and 10.0 annualized during the period from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023). The income-based incentive fee is computed and paid on income that may include interest that is accrued but not yet received in cash. Our pre-incentive fee net investment income used to calculate this part of the income-based incentive fee is also included in the amount of our gross assets used to calculate the 1.75 base management fee (see footnote 4 above). The capital gains-based incentive fee equals 20.0 of our net realized capital gains since our inception, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation since our inception, less any prior payments, and is payable at the end of each fiscal year. We have not recorded any capital gains-based incentive fee from our inception through September 30, 2024. The income-based incentive fee for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 2.7 million. 
 From time to time, the Adviser has non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to waive a portion of the incentive fees, to the extent net investment income did not cover 100.0 of the distributions to common stockholders during the period. The incentive fee credit for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 0.1 million. There can be no guarantee that the Adviser will continue to credit any portion of the fees under the Advisory Agreement in the future. 
 Examples of how the incentive fee would be calculated are as follows: 
 Assuming pre-incentive fee net investment income of 0.55 , there would be no income-based incentive fee because such income would not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.75 . 
 Assuming pre-incentive fee net investment income of 2.00 , the income-based incentive fee would be as follows: 
 = 100 x (2.00 - 1.75 
 = 0.25 
 Assuming pre-incentive fee net investment income of 2.30 , the income-based incentive fee would be as follows: 
 = (100 x catch - up : 2.1875 - 1.75 )) + (20 x (2.30 - 2.1875 )) 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 = (100 x 0.4375 + (20 x 0.1125 
 = 0.4375 + 0.0225 
 = 0.46 
 Assuming net realized capital gains of 6 and realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation of 1 , the capital gains-based incentive fee would be as follows: 
 = 20 x (6 - 1 
 = 20 x 5 
 = 1 
 For a more detailed discussion of the calculation of the two-part incentive fee, see Item 1. Business Transactions with Related Parties Investment Advisory and Management Agreement. 
 (7) Includes amortization of deferred financing costs. As of September 30, 2024, we had 70.6 million in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility and 254.0 million in notes payable, net. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Revolving Line of Credit for additional information regarding the Credit Facility and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Notes Payable for additional information regarding our notes payable. 
 (8) Includes amounts paid to preferred stockholders. 
 (9) Includes our overhead expenses, including payments under the Administration Agreement based on our projected allocable portion of overhead and other expenses estimated to be incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement for the current fiscal year. See Item 1. Business Transactions with Related Parties Administration Agreement for additional information. 
 (10) Total annualized gross expenses, based on actual amounts incurred for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (except as set forth in footnote 10), would be 62.6 million. After all non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits described in footnote 4, footnote 5, and footnote 6 above are applied to the base management fee, the loan servicing fee, and the incentive fee, total annualized expenses, based on actual amounts incurred for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, would be 51.5 million or 11.39 as a percentage of net assets. 
 Examples 
 The following examples demonstrate the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses that would be incurred over various periods with respect to a hypothetical investment in our common stock. In calculating the following expense amounts, we have assumed we would have no additional leverage and that our quarterly operating expenses would remain at the levels set forth in the table above and are gross of credits to any fees. The amounts set forth below do not reflect the impact of sales load or offering expenses to be borne by the Company or its stockholders. In the prospectus supplement relating to an offering of securities pursuant to the applicable prospectus, the examples below will be restated to reflect the impact of the estimated offering expenses borne by the Company and its stockholders and, if applicable, the impact of the applicable sales load. The examples below and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses (including the cost of debt, incentive fees, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . 
 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years 10 Years 
 You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment: 
 assuming a 5 annual return consisting entirely of ordinary income (1)(2) 
 121 339 527 890 assuming a 5 annual return consisting entirely of capital gains (2)(3) 
 130 360 555 920 
 (1) While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . Additionally, we have assumed that the entire amount of such 5 annual return would constitute ordinary income as we have not historically realized positive capital gains (computed net of all realized capital losses) on our investments. Because the assumed 5 annual return is significantly below the hurdle rate of 7 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 that we must achieve under the Advisory Agreement to trigger the payment of an income-based incentive fee, we have assumed, for purposes of this example, that no income-based incentive fee would be payable if we realized a 5 annual return on our investments. 
 (2) While the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at NAV, participants in our dividend reinvestment plan will receive a number of shares of our common stock, determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to a participant by the average cost of shares of our common stock purchased in the open market in the period beginning on or before the payment date of the distribution and ending when the plan agent has expended for such purchases all of the cash that would have been otherwise payable to participants. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Distributions and Dividends to Stockholders Dividend Reinvestment Plan for additional information regarding our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 (3) For purposes of this example, we have assumed that the entire amount of such 5 annual return would constitute capital gains and that no accumulated capital losses or unrealized depreciation exist that would have to be overcome first before a capital gains based incentive fee is payable. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Securities 
 Information about our senior securities is shown in the following table for the audited periods as of our last ten fiscal years. The information has been derived from our audited financial statements for each respective period, which have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, on the senior securities table as of September 30, 2024, is included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Class and Year Total Amount 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Asset 
 Coverage 
 per Unit (2) 
 Involuntary 
 Liquidating 
 Preference per 
 Unit (3) 
 Average 
 Market Value 
 per Unit (4) 
 Revolving Credit Facilities September 30, 2024 70,600,000 2,436 N/A 
 September 30, 2023 47,800,000 2,311 N/A 
 September 30, 2022 141,800,000 1,904 N/A 
 September 30, 2021 50,500,000 2,307 N/A 
 September 30, 2020 128,000,000 2,026 N/A 
 September 30, 2019 66,900,000 3,369 N/A 
 September 30, 2018 110,000,000 3,590 N/A 
 September 30, 2017 93,000,000 3,882 N/A 
 September 30, 2016 71,300,000 4,623 N/A 
 September 30, 2015 127,300,000 2,946 N/A 
 Series 2021 Term Preferred Stock (5) 
 September 30, 2016 61,000,000 2,495 25.00 25.55 September 30, 2015 61,000,000 1,993 25.00 25.02 Series 2024 Term Preferred Stock (6) 
 September 30, 2019 51,750,000 2,385 25.00 24.99 September 30, 2018 51,750,000 2,444 25.00 25.63 September 30, 2017 51,750,000 2,496 25.00 25.09 6.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 September 30, 2024 8,748,275 2,373 25.00 N/A 
 September 30, 2023 2,311 25.00 N/A 
 6.125 Notes due 2023 (7) 
 September 30, 2020 57,500,000 2,026 25.28 September 30, 2019 57,500,000 3,369 26.18 5.375 Notes due 2024 (8) 
 September 30, 2021 38,812,500 2,307 25.33 September 30, 2020 38,812,500 2,026 24.49 5.125 Notes due 2026 September 30, 2024 150,000,000 2,436 N/A 
 September 30, 2023 150,000,000 2,311 N/A 
 September 30, 2022 150,000,000 1,904 N/A 
 September 30, 2021 150,000,000 2,307 N/A 
 3.75 Notes due 2027 September 30, 2024 50,000,000 2,436 N/A 
 September 30, 2023 50,000,000 2,311 N/A 
 September 30, 2022 50,000,000 1,904 N/A 
 7.75 Notes due 2028 September 30, 2024 57,000,000 2,436 25.00 25.55 September 30, 2023 57,000,000 2,311 25.00 25.06 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 
 (2) Asset coverage ratio for a class of our senior securities representing indebtedness means the ratio of the value of our total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness and asset coverage ratio for a class of our senior securities that are stock means the ratio of the value of our total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness plus the aggregate involuntary liquidation preference of a class of senior security that is stock. Asset coverage per unit is the asset coverage ratio expressed in terms of dollar amounts per one thousand dollars of indebtedness. 
 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. 
 (4) Only applicable to our Term Preferred Stock, 6.125 notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes ), 5.375 notes due 2024 the 2024 Notes ), and 7.75 notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes because the other senior securities are not registered for public trading. Average market value per unit is the average of the closing prices of the securities on the Nasdaq during the last 10 trading days of the period. Average market value per unit for our Series 2024 Term Preferred Stock for September 30, 2017 is the average of the closing prices of the shares on the Nasdaq during the last seven trading days of the period as the stock began trading on September 21, 2017. 
 (5) In May 2014, we issued 2,440,000 shares of 6.75 Series 2021 Term Preferred Stock (the Series 2021 Term Preferred Stock through a public offering and subsequent exercise of an overallotment option. In September 2017, we voluntarily redeemed all outstanding shares of our Series 2021 Term Preferred Stock and therefore had no Series 2021 Term Preferred Stock outstanding at September 30, 2017. 
 (6) In September 2017, we issued 2,070,000 shares of 6.0 Series 2024 Term Preferred Stock through a public offering and subsequent exercise of an overallotment option. In October 2019, we voluntarily redeemed all outstanding shares of our Series 2024 Term Preferred Stock. 
 (7) In November 2018, we completed a public debt offering of 57.5 million aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes, inclusive of the overallotment option. In January 2021, we voluntarily redeemed all of the 2023 Notes. 
 (8) In October 2019, we completed a public debt offering of 38.8 million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes, inclusive of the overallotment option. In November 2021, we voluntarily redeemed all of the 2024 Notes. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Historical financial condition and results of operations and percentage relationships among any amounts in the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of financial condition, results of operations or percentage relationships for any future periods. Except per share amounts, dollar amounts in the tables included herein are in thousands unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 General 
 We were incorporated under the Maryland General Corporation Law on May 30, 2001. We operate as an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company, and have elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for federal income tax purposes we have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. To continue to qualify as a RIC for federal income tax purposes and obtain favorable RIC tax treatment, we must meet certain requirements, including certain minimum distribution requirements. 
 We were established for the purpose of investing in debt and equity securities of established private businesses operating in the U.S. Our investment objectives are to: (1) achieve and grow current income by investing in debt securities of established lower middle market companies in the U.S. that we believe will provide stable earnings and cash flow to pay expenses, make principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness and make distributions to stockholders that grow over time; and (2) provide our stockholders with long-term capital appreciation in the value of our assets by investing in equity securities, in connection with our debt investments, that we believe can grow over time to permit us to sell our equity investments for capital gains. To achieve our investment objectives, our primary investment strategy is to invest in several categories of debt and equity securities, with each investment generally ranging from 8 million to 40 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 million, although investment size may vary, depending upon our total assets or available capital at the time of investment. We expect that our investment portfolio over time will consist of approximately 90.0 debt investments and 10.0 equity investments, at cost. As of September 30, 2024, our investment portfolio was made up of approximately 90.1 debt investments and 9.9 equity investments, at cost. 
 We focus on investing in lower middle market companies (which we generally define as companies with annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of 3 million to 25 million) in the U.S. that meet certain criteria, including the following: the sustainability of the business free cash flow and its ability to grow it over time, adequate assets for loan collateral, experienced management teams with a significant ownership interest in the borrower, reasonable capitalization of the borrower, including an ample equity contribution or cushion based on prevailing enterprise valuation multiples and, to a lesser extent, the potential to realize appreciation and gain liquidity in our equity position, if any. We lend to borrowers that need funds for growth capital or to finance acquisitions or recapitalize or refinance their existing debt facilities. We seek to avoid investing in high-risk, early-stage enterprises. Our targeted portfolio companies are generally considered too small for the larger capital marketplace. 
 We invest by ourselves or jointly with other funds and/or management of the portfolio company, depending on the opportunity. In July 2012, the SEC granted us the Co-Investment Order that expanded our ability to co-invest, under certain circumstances, with certain of our affiliates, including Gladstone Investment, a BDC also managed by the Adviser, Gladstone Alternative, an interval fund also managed by the Adviser, and any future BDC or registered closed-end management investment company that is advised (or sub-advised if it controls the fund) by the Adviser, or any combination of the foregoing, subject to the conditions in the Co-Investment Order. We believe the Co-Investment Order has enhanced and will continue to enhance our ability to further our investment objectives and strategies. If we are participating in an investment with one or more co-investors, whether or not an affiliate of ours, our investment is likely to be smaller than if we were investing alone. 
 Business 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 In general, our investments in debt securities have a term of no more than seven years, accrue interest at variable rates (generally based on one-month Term SOFR), and, to a lesser extent, at fixed rates. We seek debt instruments that pay interest monthly or, at a minimum, quarterly, may have a success fee or deferred interest provision and are primarily interest only, with all principal and any accrued but unpaid interest due at maturity. Generally, success fees accrue at a set rate and are contractually due upon a change of control of a portfolio company, typically from an exit or sale. Some debt securities have deferred interest whereby some portion of the interest payment is added to the principal balance so that the interest is paid, together with the principal, at maturity. This form of deferred interest is often called PIK interest. 
 Typically, our equity investments consist of common stock, preferred stock, limited liability company interests, or warrants to purchase the foregoing. Often, these equity investments occur in connection with our original investment, recapitalizing a business, or refinancing existing debt. 
 
 From our initial public offering in August 2001 through September 30, 2024, we have made 667 different loans to, or investments in, 277 companies for a total of approximately 2.8 billion, before giving effect to principal repayments on investments and divestitures. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, we invested 53.3 million in four new portfolio companies and extended 124.4 million in investments to existing portfolio companies. In addition, we received a total of 136.3 million in combined net proceeds and principal repayments from portfolio company exits and principal repayments by existing portfolio companies during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, the following significant transactions occurred: 
 Proprietary Investments 
 In November 2023, we invested million in Quality Environmental Midco, Inc. Quality through secured first lien debt and preferred equity. We also extended Quality a million secured first lien line of credit commitment, which was unfunded at close. In February 2024, we invested an additional million in Quality 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 through new secured first lien debt and preferred equity and increased the secured first lien line of credit commitment to million. 
 In November 2023, we extended Cafe Zupas, an existing portfolio company, a new million secured first lien delayed draw term loan commitment, which was unfunded at close. We funded million on the delayed draw term loan in December 2023. In addition, our existing term loan was paid down by million. 
 In November 2023, our remaining investment in PIC 360, LLC was sold resulting in a net realized gain of million. 
 In December 2023, we invested an additional million in ALS Education, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In December 2023, we invested an additional million in Leadpoint Business Services, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In December 2023, we invested an additional million in Salt Straw, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through preferred equity. We also increased our delayed draw term loan commitment to Salt Straw, LLC by million. 
 In February and March 2024, we invested a total of an additional million in SpaceCo Holdings, LLC SpaceCo ), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In February 2024, we invested million in Perimeter Solutions Group through secured second lien debt. 
 In March 2024, we received net cash proceeds of million from the sale of Trowbridge Chicago, LLC Trowbridge ), an existing portfolio company. In conjunction with the sale, we received million in prepayment fees and recorded a net realized gain of million on our equity. In September 2024, our remaining debt investment in Trowbridge paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million. 
 In April 2024, we invested million in Total Access Elevator, LLC Total Access through secured first lien debt and common equity. We also extended Total Access a million line of credit commitment and a million delayed draw term loan commitment, both of which were unfunded at close. 
 In April 2024, our debt investment in Giving Home Healthcare, LLC Giving Home paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million including a million prepayment penalty. We also exercised our warrant position for common equity in Giving Home, which we continue to hold, and received a million distribution associated with this investment. 
 In May 2024, our debt investment in Gray Matter Systems, LLC paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million including a million prepayment penalty. 
 In May 2024, our debt investment in Pansophic Learning, Ltd. Pansophic paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million. 
 In May 2024, we invested million in RPM Freight Systems, LLC RPM through secured second lien debt. We also extended RPM a million delayed draw term loan commitment, which was unfunded at close. 
 In May 2024, our remaining shares in Funko were sold representing an exit of our investment and a return of our equity cost basis of thousand and a realized gain of thousand. 
 In June 2024, we invested an additional million in Workforce QA, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In July 2024, we invested an additional million in Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC Turn Key ), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. We also extended Turn Key an additional million line of credit commitment which was funded in July 2024. 
 In September 2024, we invested an additional million in Arc Drilling Holdings LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt and common equity. We also extended Arc Drilling an additional million line of credit commitment and funded 0.9 million under the line of credit at close. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Syndicated Investments 
 In January 2024, our investment in CHA Holdings, Inc. paid off at par for net proceeds of million. 
 In July 2024, our investment in Tailwind Smith Cooper Immediate Corporation paid off at par for net proceeds of million. 
 Refer to Note 14 Subsequent Events in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for portfolio activity occurring subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 Capital Raising 
 We have been able to meet our capital needs through extensions of and increases to our line of credit under the Credit Facility and by accessing the capital markets in the form of public equity offerings of common stock and public and private debt offerings. We have successfully extended the Credit Facility s revolving period multiple times, most recently to October 2025, and currently have a total commitment amount of million. We sold and common shares under our at-the-market program during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In August 2023, we completed an offering of 57.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes. In November 2021, we completed a private placement of 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources Revolving Line of Credit, Liquidity and Capital Resources Equity Common Stock, and Liquidity and Capital Resources Notes Payable for further discussion. 
 Although we were able to access the capital markets historically and in recent years, market conditions may affect the trading price of our capital stock and thus may inhibit our ability to finance new investments through the issuance of equity in the future. When our common stock trades below NAV per common share, our ability to issue equity is constrained by provisions of the 1940 Act, which generally prohibits the issuance and sale of our common stock below NAV per common share without first obtaining approval from our stockholders and our independent directors, other than through sales to our then-existing stockholders pursuant to a rights offering. On September 30, 2024, the closing market price of our common stock was per share, a premium to our September 30, 2024 NAV per share of . 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 Our ability to seek external debt financing, to the extent that it is available under current market conditions, is further subject to the asset coverage limitations of the 1940 Act, which require us to have an asset coverage (as defined in Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act) of at least 150 on our senior securities representing indebtedness and our senior securities that are stock. 
 On April 10, 2018, our Board of Directors, including a required majority (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) thereof, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, the Company s asset coverage requirements for senior securities changed from 200 to 150 , effective April 10, 2019. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness was and our asset coverage on our senior securities that are stock was 237.3 . 
 Recent Developments 
 Distributions 
 
 On October 8, 2024, our Board of Directors declared the following distributions to common and preferred stockholders: 
 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share October 22, 2024 October 31, 2024 0.1650 November 20, 2024 November 29, 2024 0.1650 December 20, 2024 December 31, 2024 0.1650 Total for the Quarter 0.4950 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Series A Preferred Stock October 24, 2024 November 4, 2024 0.130208 November 27, 2024 December 4, 2024 0.130208 December 23, 2024 January 3, 2025 0.130208 Total for the Quarter 0.390624 
 
 In November 2024, our Board of Directors declared the following supplemental distribution to common stockholders: 
 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share December 4, 2024 December 18, 2024 0.4000 

58 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Comparison of the Year Ended September 30, 2024 to the Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income 
 93,294 83,030 10,264 12.4 Other income 
 3,327 3,404 (77) (2.3) Total investment income 
 96,621 86,434 10,187 11.8 EXPENSES Base management fee 
 13,609 11,998 1,611 13.4 Loan servicing fee 
 8,862 8,053 809 10.0 Incentive fee 
 11,410 10,255 1,155 11.3 Administration fee 
 1,970 1,716 254 14.8 Interest expense 
 21,715 20,847 868 4.2 Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 1,864 1,529 335 21.9 Other expenses 
 3,165 2,458 707 28.8 Expenses, before credits from Adviser 
 62,595 56,856 5,739 10.1 Credit to base management fee loan servicing fee 
 (8,862) (8,053) (809) 10.0 Credit to fees from Adviser other 
 (3,171) (3,389) 218 (6.4) Total expenses, net of credits 
 50,562 45,414 5,148 11.3 NET INVESTMENT INCOME 46,059 41,020 5,039 12.3 NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) Net realized gain (loss) on investments 
 2,008 12,345 (10,337) NM Net realized gain (loss) on other 
 3,951 319 3,632 NM Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments 
 42,703 (11,016) 53,719 NM Net gain (loss) from investments and other 
 48,662 1,648 47,014 NM PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS 215 215 NM NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 
 94,506 42,668 51,838 121.5 PER BASIC AND DILUTED COMMON SHARE Net investment income (A) 
 2.11 2.20 (0.09) (4.1) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (A) 
 4.34 2.29 2.05 89.5 
 NM N ot Meaningful 
 (A) Per share amounts have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Investment Income 
 Interest income increased by 12.4 for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year. Generally, the level of interest income from investments is directly related to the principal balance of our interest-bearing investment portfolio outstanding during the period multiplied by the weighted-average yield. The weighted average principal balance of our interest-bearing investment portfolio for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 665.5 million, compared to 626.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 39.0 million, or 6.2 . The weighted average yield on our interest-bearing investments is based on the current stated interest rate on interest-bearing investments, which increased to 13.9 for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 13.3 for the year ended September 30, 2023, inclusive of any allowances on interest receivables made during those periods. The increase in the weighted average yield was driven mainly by increases in interest rates. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, our loans to B+T Group, Edge Adhesives, and WB Xcel were on non-accrual status with a cost basis of million, or of the cost basis of all debt investments in our portfolio, and a fair value of million, or of the fair value of all debt investments in our portfolio. As of September 30, 2023, our loan to Edge Adhesives was on non-accrual status with a cost basis of million, or of the cost basis of all debt investments in our portfolio, and a fair value of million, or of the fair value of all debt investments in our portfolio. 
 Other income decreased by 2.3 during the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period primarily due to a 0.6 million decrease in success fees received and a 0.1 million decrease in dividend income year over year, partially offset by a 0.7 million increase in prepayment fees received year over year. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our investment in Antenna Research Associates, Inc. represented 11.4 of the total investment portfolio at fair value. As of September 30, 2023, no single investment represented greater than 10 of the total investment portfolio at fair value. 
 Expenses 
 Expenses, net of any non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits to fees from the Adviser, increased 5.1 million, or 11.3 , for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily due to a 2.0 million increase in the net base management fee, a 1.0 million increase in the net incentive fee, and a 0.9 million increase in interest expense. 
 Total interest expense on borrowings and notes payable increased by 0.9 million, or 4.2 , during the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by a shift in the composition of our debt outstanding. Interest expense on notes payable increased by 3.9 million period over period with the issuance of our 2028 Notes in August 2023. Interest expense on our Credit Facility decreased by 3.0 million period over period, driven primarily by a decrease in the weighted average balance outstanding on our Credit Facility, partially offset by an increase in the effective interest rate on our Credit Facility and an increase in unused commitment fees, period over period. The effective interest rate on our Credit Facility, including unused commitment fees incurred, but excluding the impact of deferred financing costs, was 11.0 during the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8.0 during the prior year. The increase in the effective interest rate was driven primarily by an increase in unused commitment fees. The weighted average balance outstanding on our Credit Facility was 70.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 133.7 million in the prior year, a decrease of 47.2 . 
 The net base management fee earned by the Adviser increased by 2.0 million, or 23.6 , during the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year, resulting from an increase in average total assets subject to the base management fee and a decrease in credits to the base management fee from the Adviser for new deal origination fees, year over year. 
 The income-based incentive fee increased by 1.2 million, or 11.3 , for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in pre-incentive fee net investment income, coupled with an increase in net assets, which drives the hurdle rate. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The base management, loan servicing and incentive fees, and associated non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits, are computed quarterly, as described under Transactions with the Adviser in Note 4 Related Party Transactions of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and are summarized in the following table: 
 Year Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Average total assets subject to base management fee (A) 
 Multiplied by annual base management fee of 1.75 Base management fee (B) 
 Portfolio company fee credit ) ) Syndicated loan fee credit ) ) Net Base Management Fee Loan servicing fee (B) 
 Credit to base management fee - loan servicing fee (B) 
 ) ) Net Loan Servicing Fee Incentive fee (B) 
 Incentive fee credit ) Net Incentive Fee Portfolio company fee credit ) ) Syndicated loan fee credit ) ) Incentive fee credit ) Credit to Fees from Adviser Other (B) 
 ) ) 
 (A) Average total assets subject to the base management fee is defined as total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, valued at the end of the two most recently completed quarters within the respective years and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. 
 (B) Reflected, on a gross basis, as a line item on our accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations located elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Net Realized Gain (Loss) on Investments 
 For the year ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net realized gain on investments of 2.0 million, which resulted primarily from a 1.5 million realized gain recognized on our investment in Giving Home. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a net realized gain on investments of 12.3 million, which resulted primarily from a 5.9 million realized gain recognized on the sale of our investment in Targus Cayman HoldCo, Ltd. Targus ), a 4.1 million realized gain recognized on our investment in Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. Leeds ), and a 3.7 million realized gain recognized on our investment in PIC 360, LLC. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, we recorded net unrealized appreciation of investments in the aggregate amount of 42.7 million. The net realized gain (loss) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) across our investments for the year ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 Portfolio Company Realized Gain 
 (Loss) 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Reversal of Unrealized Depreciation (Appreciation) Net Gain 
 (Loss) 
 Antenna Research Associates, Inc. 40,987 40,987 Lonestar EMS, LLC 8,284 8,284 MCG Energy Solutions, LLC 3,555 3,555 Salt Straw, LLC 3,041 3,041 Giving Home Health Care, LLC 1,465 1,220 2,685 Sokol Company Holdings, LLC 1,520 1,520 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC 1,239 1,239 Caf Zupas 996 996 Quality Environmental Midco, Inc. 972 972 Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC 850 850 NeoGraf Solutions, LLC 839 839 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC 784 784 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. 746 746 Total Access Elevator, LLC 679 679 Leadpoint Business Services, LLC 636 636 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC 629 629 ENET Holdings, LLC 576 576 Tailwind Smith Cooper Intermediate Corporation 683 (121) 562 OCI, LLC 549 549 Trowbridge Chicago, LLC 332 (23) 109 418 SpaceCo Holdings, LLC 414 414 Axios Industrial Group, LLC 367 367 ALS Education, LLC 317 317 Viva Railings, L.L.C. 311 311 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. 252 252 DKI Ventures, LLC (668) (668) Technical Resource Management, LLC (829) (829) Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. (1,000) (1,000) Encore Dredging Holdings, LLC (1,097) (1,097) Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC (1,173) (1,173) Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. (2,515) (2,515) HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. (2,817) (2,817) B+T Group Acquisition Inc. (3,586) (3,586) Eegee's LLC (4,568) (4,568) FES Resources Holdings LLC (4,670) (4,670) WB Xcel Holdings, LLC (4,830) (4,830) Other, net 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 decrease in comparable transaction multiples used to estimate the fair value of certain of our other portfolio companies, and the decline in the financial and operational performance of certain of our other portfolio companies. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, we recorded net unrealized depreciation of investments in the aggregate amount of 11.0 million. The net realized gain (loss) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) across our investments for the year ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Realized Gain 
 (Loss) 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Reversal of Unrealized Depreciation (Appreciation) Net Gain 
 (Loss) 
 Antenna Research Associates, Inc. 4,702 4,702 FES Resources Holdings LLC 4,508 4,508 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. 2,801 2,801 Giving Home Health Care, LLC 2,775 2,775 Encore Dredging Holdings, LLC 1,495 840 2,335 Imperative Holdings Corporation 510 1,094 1,604 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC 1,316 1,316 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. 1,496 (200) 1,296 Triple H Food Processors, LLC 990 990 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC 736 736 PIC 360, LLC 3,700 1,092 (4,262) 530 Targus Cayman HoldCo, Ltd. 5,916 (5,916) Circuitronics EMS Holdings LLC (921) 921 NetFortris Holdings LLC (789) (206) 526 (469) 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. (510) (510) MCG Energy Solutions, LLC (685) (685) Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. 4,118 75 (5,018) (825) Technical Resource Management, LLC (960) (960) DKI Ventures, LLC (1,393) (1,393) Salvo Technologies, Inc. (1,959) (1,959) NeoGraf Solutions, LLC (3,154) (3,154) Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC (3,181) (3,181) B+T Group Acquisition Inc. (3,751) (3,751) WB Xcel Holdings, LLC (5,687) (5,687) Other, net 
 The primary driver of net unrealized depreciation of 11.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2023 was the reversal of unrealized appreciation associated with the exit of our investment in Targus, the reversal of unrealized appreciation associated with our investment in PIC 360, and the sale of underlying assets within Leeds, as well as the decrease in comparable transaction multiples used to estimate the fair value of certain of our other portfolio companies, and the decline in the financial and operational performance of certain of our other portfolio companies. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our investment portfolio was greater than its cost basis by approximately 25.2 million and our entire investment portfolio was valued at 103.3 of cost, as compared to cumulative net unrealized depreciation of 17.5 million and a valuation of our entire portfolio at 97.6 of cost as of September 30, 2023. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended September 30, 2023 to the Year Ended September 30, 2022 
 The comparison of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023, located within Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily generated from the interest payments on debt securities that we receive from our portfolio companies, as well as net proceeds received through repayments or sales of our investments. We utilize this cash primarily to fund new investments, make interest payments on our Credit Facility and notes payable, make distributions to our stockholders, pay management and administrative fees to the Adviser and Administrator, and for other operating expenses. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 3.2 million as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 10.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to an increase in repayments and net proceeds from sales year over year. Repayments and net proceeds from sales were 140.2 million during the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to 125.5 million during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had loans to, syndicated participations in or equity investments in 49 companies, with an aggregate cost basis of approximately 771.0 million. As of September 30, 2023, we had loans to, syndicated participations in or equity investments in 51 companies, with an aggregate cost basis of approximately 722.3 million. 
 The following table summarizes our total portfolio investment activity during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Beginning investment portfolio, at fair value 704,815 649,615 New investments 53,250 103,916 Disbursements to existing portfolio companies 124,399 71,561 Scheduled principal repayments (9,288) (8,311) Unscheduled principal repayments (124,183) (99,194) Net proceeds from sales of investments (2,799) (17,686) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments 
 42,927 1,702 Reversal of prior period net depreciation (appreciation) of investments 
 (224) (12,718) Net realized gain (loss) on investments (A) 
 2,008 12,345 Increase in investment balance due to PIK interest (B) 
 5,525 3,699 Net change in premiums, discounts and amortization (170) (114) Ending Investment Portfolio, at Fair Value 
 796,260 704,815 
 (A) Excludes net realized gain (loss) on other. 
 (B) PIK interest is a non-cash source of income and is calculated at the contractual rate stated in a loan agreement and added to the principal balance of a loan. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the contractual principal repayment and maturity of our investment portfolio by fiscal year, assuming no voluntary prepayments, as of September 30, 2024. 
 Year Ending September 30, Amount 2025 (A) 
 16,322 2026 160,366 2027 227,287 2028 193,374 2029 78,697 Thereafter 20,000 Total contractual repayments 696,046 Adjustments to cost basis of debt investments (1,421) Investments in equity securities 76,386 Investments held as of September 30, 2024 at cost: 771,011 
 (A) Includes debt investments with contractual principal amounts totaling 0.2 million for which the maturity date has passed as of September 30, 2024. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 2.3 million, which consisted primarily of 43.1 million in distributions to common shareholders, partially offset by 22.8 million in net borrowings on our Credit Facility, 11.0 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of common stock, and 7.8 million in net proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2023 was 10.2 million, which consisted primarily of 87.4 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of common stock and 57.0 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of notes payable, partially offset by 94.0 million in net repayments on our Credit Facility and 35.4 million in distributions to common shareholders. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2022 was 77.7 million, which consisted primarily of 91.3 million in net borrowings on our Credit Facility and 50.0 million in gross proceeds from the issuance of notes payable, partially offset by 38.8 million used in the redemption of our 2024 Notes and 27.3 million in distributions to common shareholders. 
 Distributions to Stockholders 
 Common Stock Distributions 
 To qualify to be taxed as a RIC and thus avoid corporate level federal income tax on the income we distribute to our stockholders, we are required to distribute to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90.0 of our Investment Company Taxable Income. Additionally, our Credit Facility has a covenant that generally restricts the amount of distributions to stockholders that we can pay out to be no greater than our aggregate net investment income, net capital gains and amounts elected to have been paid during the prior year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. 
 
 In accordance with these requirements, during the year ended September 30, 2024, we paid monthly cash distributions of 0.165 per common share. These distributions totaled an aggregate of 43.1 million. In October 2024, our Board of Directors declared a monthly distribution of 0.165 per common share for each of October, November, and December 2024. In November 2024, our Board of Directors declared a supplemental distribution of 0.40 per common share payable in December 2024. Our Board of Directors declared these distributions to our stockholders based on our estimates of our Investment Company Taxable Income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our current and accumulated earnings and profits exceeded common stock distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat 6.6 million and 5.0 million, respectively, of the first common distributions paid to common stockholders in the subsequent fiscal year as having been paid in the prior year. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 distributions 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 declared and paid exceeded taxable income available for common distributions resulting in a partial return of capital of approximately 1.4 million. 
 
 Preferred Stock Dividends 
 We paid monthly cash dividends of 0.130208 per share to holders of our Series A Preferred Sock for each month from January through September during the year ended September 30, 2024, which totaled an aggregate of 0.2 million. In October 2024, our Board of Directors declared monthly cash dividends of 0.130208 per share to holders of our Series A Preferred stock for each of October, November, and December 2024. Dividend payments to our preferred stockholders are included in preferred stock dividends on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. For federal income tax purposes, the dividends paid by us to preferred stockholders generally constitute ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and is reported after the end of the calendar year based on tax information for the full fiscal year. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 Our common stockholders who hold their shares through our transfer agent, Computershare, Inc. Computershare ), have the option to participate in a dividend reinvestment plan offered by Computershare, as the plan agent. This is an opt in dividend reinvestment plan, meaning that common stockholders may elect to have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Common stockholders who do make such election will receive their distributions in cash. Common stockholders who receive distributions in the form of stock will be subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as stockholders who elect to receive their distributions in cash. The common stockholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional common shares purchased through the plan equal to the amount of the reinvested distribution. The additional shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the date on which the shares are credited to the common stockholder s account. Computershare purchases shares in the open market in connection with the obligations under the plan. 
 Equity 
 Registration Statement 
 Our shelf registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-275934) (the 2024 Registration Statement ), which was declared effective on January 17, 2024, permits us to issue, through one or more transactions, up to an aggregate of 700.0 million in securities, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, subscription rights, debt securities and warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock. As of September 30, 2024, we had the ability to issue up to 689.0 million in securities under the 2024 Registration Statement. 
 Common Stock 
 In August 2024, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with Jefferies LLC and Huntington Securities, Inc, (the 2024 Sales Agreement under which we have the ability to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million in an at the market offering (the 2024 ATM Program ). During the year ended September 30, 2024, we sold 476,138 shares of our common stock under the 2024 Sales Agreement, at a weighted-average price of 23.10 per share and raised 11.0 million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, were approximately 10.8 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had a remaining capacity to sell up to an additional 139.0 million of our common stock under the 2024 ATM Program. 
 We anticipate issuing equity securities to obtain additional capital in the future. However, we cannot determine the timing or terms of any future equity issuances or whether we will be able to issue equity on terms favorable to us, or at all. To the extent that our common stock trades at a market price below our NAV per share, we will generally be precluded from raising equity capital through public offerings of our common stock, other than pursuant to stockholder and independent director approval or a rights offering to existing common stockholders. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 million with an accordion feature that permits us to increase the size of the facility to million. The Credit Facility has a revolving period end date of October 31, 2025 and a final maturity date of October 31, 2027 (at which time all principal and interest will be due and payable if the Credit Facility is not extended by the revolving period end date). The interest rate margin is 3.00 during the revolving period and 3.50 thereafter (in each case plus a 10 basis point SOFR credit spread adjustment). 
 Interest is payable monthly during the term of our Credit Facility. Available borrowings are subject to various constraints imposed under our Credit Facility, based on the aggregate loan balance pledged by Business Loan, which varies as loans are added and repaid, regardless of whether such repayments are prepayments or made as contractually required. Our Credit Facility also requires that any interest or principal payments on pledged loans be remitted directly by the borrower into a lockbox account with KeyBank and with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as custodian. KeyBank, which also serves as the trustee of the account, generally remits the collected funds to us once a month. 
 Our Credit Facility contains covenants that require Business Loan to maintain its status as a separate legal entity, prohibit certain significant corporate transactions (such as mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions), and restrict material changes to our credit and collection policies without the lenders consents. Our Credit Facility generally limits distributions to our stockholders on a fiscal year basis to the sum of our net investment income, net capital gains and amounts elected to have been paid during the prior year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. Business Loan is also subject to certain limitations on the type of loan investments it can apply as collateral towards the borrowing base to receive additional borrowing availability under our Credit Facility, including restrictions on geographic concentrations, sector concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, portfolio company leverage and lien property. Our Credit Facility further requires Business Loan to comply with other financial and operational covenants, which obligate Business Loan to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including asset and interest coverage and a minimum number of 25 obligors required in the borrowing base. 
 Additionally, we are required to maintain (i) a minimum net worth (defined in our Credit Facility to include any outstanding mandatorily redeemable preferred stock) of 325.0 million plus 50.0 of all equity and subordinated debt raised after May 13, 2021 less 50 of any equity and subordinated debt retired or redeemed after May 13, 2021, which equates to million as of September 30, 2024, (ii) asset coverage with respect to senior securities representing indebtedness of at least 150 (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act), and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and as defined in our Credit Facility, we had a net worth of million, asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness of and an active status as a BDC and RIC. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we had 33 obligors in our Credit Facility s borrowing base and we were in compliance with all of our Credit Facility covenants. Refer to Note 5 Borrowings of the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding our Credit Facility. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We generally recognize success fee income when the payment has been received. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had off-balance sheet success fee receivables on our accruing debt investments of 5.8 million and 4.0 million (or approximately 0.26 per common share and 0.18 per common share), respectively, that would be owed to us, generally upon a change of control of the portfolio companies. Consistent with GAAP, we generally have not recognized our success fee receivables and related income in our Consolidated Financial Statements until earned. Due to the contingent nature of our success fees, there are no guarantees that we will be able to collect all of these success fees or know the timing of such collections. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have lines of credit, delayed draw term loans, and an uncalled capital commitment with certain of our portfolio companies that have not been fully drawn. Since these commitments have expiration dates and we expect many will never be fully drawn, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We estimate the fair value of the combined unused lines of credit, the unused delayed draw term loans, and the uncalled capital commitment as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 to be immaterial. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024, at cost: 
 Contractual Obligations (A) 
 Payments Due by Period Less than 
 1 Year 
 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 
 5 Years 
 Total Credit Facility (B) 
 70,600 70,600 Notes Payable 200,000 57,000 257,000 Interest expense on debt obligations (C) 
 20,457 28,102 6,308 54,867 Total 
 20,457 228,102 133,908 382,467 
 (A) Excludes our unused line of credit commitments, unused delayed draw term loans, and uncalled capital commitments to our portfolio companies in an aggregate amount of 57.6 million, at cost, as of September 30, 2024. 
 (B) Principal balance of borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility, based on the maturity date following the current contractual revolver period end date. 
 (C) Includes estimated interest payments on our Credit Facility, 2028 Notes, 2027 Notes, and 2026 Notes. The amount of interest expense calculated for purposes of this table was based upon rates and balances as of September 30, 2024. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported consolidated amounts of assets and liabilities, including disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified our investment valuation policy (which has been approved by our Board of Directors) as our most critical accounting policy, which is described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Additionally, refer to Note 3 Investments in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding fair value measurements and our application of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. We have also identified our revenue recognition policy as a critical accounting policy, which is described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Investment Valuation 
 Credit Monitoring and Risk Rating 
 The Adviser monitors a wide variety of key credit statistics that provide information regarding our portfolio companies to help us assess credit quality and portfolio performance and, in some instances, used as inputs in our valuation techniques. Generally, we, through the Adviser, participate in periodic board meetings of our portfolio companies in which we hold board seats and also require them to provide annual audited and monthly unaudited financial statements. Using these statements or comparable information and board discussions, the Adviser calculates and evaluates certain credit statistics. 
 The Adviser risk rates all of our investments in debt securities. The Adviser does not risk rate our equity securities. For syndicated loans that have been rated by an SEC registered Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization NRSRO"), the Adviser generally uses the average of two corporate level NRSRO s risk ratings for such security. For all other debt securities, the Adviser uses a proprietary risk rating system. While the Adviser seeks to mirror the NRSRO systems, we cannot provide any assurance that the Adviser s risk rating system will provide the same risk rating as an NRSRO would for these securities. The Adviser s risk rating system is used to estimate the probability of default on debt securities and the expected loss if there is a default. The Adviser s risk rating system uses a scale of 0 to >10, with >10 being the lowest probability of default. It is the Adviser s understanding that most debt securities of medium-sized companies do not exceed the grade of BBB on an NRSRO scale, so there would be no debt securities in the middle market that would meet the definition of AAA, AA or A. Therefore, the Adviser s scale begins with the designation >10 as the best risk rating which may be equivalent to a BBB from an NRSRO; however, no assurance can be given that a >10 on the Adviser s scale is equal to a BBB or Baa2 on an NRSRO scale. The Adviser s risk rating system covers both qualitative and quantitative aspects of the business and the securities we hold. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reflects risk ratings for all proprietary loans in our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, representing approximately 99.5 and 98.2 , respectively, of the principal balance of all debt investments in our portfolio at the end of each period: 
 As of September 30, Rating 2024 2023 Highest 10.0 10.0 Average 7.8 7.1 Weighted Average 8.1 7.5 Lowest 3.0 3.0 
 The following table reflects the risk ratings for all syndicated loans in our portfolio that were rated by an NRSRO as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, representing approximately 0.5 and 1.3 , respectively, of the principal balance of all debt investments in our portfolio at the end of each period: 
 As of September 30, Rating 2024 2023 Highest 3.0 5.0 Average 3.0 3.5 Weighted Average 3.0 4.2 Lowest 3.0 3.0 
 The following table reflects the risk ratings for all syndicated loans in our portfolio that were not rated by an NRSRO as of September 30, 2023 representing approximately 0.5 of the principal balance of all debt investments in our portfolio at the end of the period: 
 Rating As of September 30, 2023 Highest 5.0 Average 5.0 Weighted Average 5.0 Lowest 5.0 
 There were no syndicated loans in our portfolio that were not rated by an NRSRO as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Tax Status 
 We intend to continue to maintain our qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for federal income tax purposes and also to limit certain federal excise taxes imposed on RICs. Refer to Note 10 Federal and State Income Taxes in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding our tax status. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. The prices of securities held by us may decline in response to certain events, including those directly involving the companies whose securities are owned by us; conditions affecting the general economy; overall market changes, including due to inflation; local, regional or global political, social or economic instability; and interest rate fluctuations. 
 The primary risk we believe we are exposed to is interest rate risk. Because we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 invest those funds. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. We use a combination of debt and equity capital to finance our investing activities. We may use interest rate risk management techniques from time to time to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Such techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. 
 All of our variable-rate debt investments have rates generally associated with the current SOFR rate. As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio of debt investments on a principal basis consisted of the following: 
 Variable rates 93.9 Fixed rates 6.1 Total 100.0 
 To illustrate the potential impact of changes in market interest rates on our net increase in net assets resulting from operations, we have performed the following hypothetical analysis, which assumes that our balance sheet and contractual interest rates remain constant as of September 30, 2024 and no further actions are taken to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity. 
 Basis Point Change (A) 
 Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income Increase (Decrease) in Interest Expense Net Increase (Decrease) in 
 Net Assets Resulting from 
 Operations (B) 
 Up 200 basis points 13,058 1,412 11,646 Up 100 basis points 6,523 706 5,817 Up 50 basis points 3,256 353 2,903 Down 50 basis points (3,229) (353) (2,876) Down 100 basis points (6,458) (706) (5,752) Down 200 basis points (12,917) (1,412) (11,505) 
 (A) Illustrates the potential impact of changes in market rates as compared to one-month SOFR of 4.85 as of September 30, 2024. 
 (B) Excludes the potential impact of changes in incentive fees. 
 
 Although management believes that this analysis is indicative of our existing interest rate sensitivity, it does not adjust for potential changes in credit quality, size and composition of our loan portfolio on the balance sheet and other business developments, that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations or otherwise impact our results or operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from those in the hypothetical analysis in the table above. 
 We may also experience risk associated with investing in securities of companies with foreign operations. Some of our portfolio companies have operations located outside the U.S. These risks include fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, imposition of foreign taxes, changes in exportation regulations and political and social instability. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 73 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 22 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 22 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 22 
 80 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 
 81 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 93 

72 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Gladstone Capital Corporation: 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and include those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Gladstone Capital Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of Gladstone Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in net assets and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of the Company as of September 30, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2015 (none of which are presented herein), and we expressed unqualified opinions on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the Senior Securities table of the Company for each of the ten years in the period ended September 30, 2024, appearing on pages 53-54 under Item 5 of this Form 10-K, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated financial statements from which it has been derived. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 by correspondence with the custodian, agent banks and portfolio company investees; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Level 3 Investments 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company held 796.22 million of total level 3 investments at fair value as of September 30, 2024. Management uses significant unobservable inputs in estimating the fair value of its level 3 investments, including (i) with respect to investments valued using a total enterprise value, portfolio company earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and EBITDA multiples, revenue and revenue multiples, or a discounted cash flow analysis using estimated risk-adjusted discount rates; (ii) with respect to investments valued using a yield analysis, a modified discount rate; and (iii) with respect to investments valued using market quotations for which a limited market exists, the lower indicative bid price in the bid-to-ask price range. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of level 3 investments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to determine the fair value of these level 3 investments using a total enterprise value or yield analysis due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the EBITDA and EBITDA multiples and revenue and revenue multiples used in a total enterprise value and the modified discount rate used in a yield analysis, and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, either (i) testing management s process for determining the fair value estimate, including testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, evaluating the appropriateness of management s valuation methods, and evaluating the reasonableness of the EBITDA and EBITDA multiples and revenue and revenue multiples used in a total enterprise value and the modified discount rate used in a yield analysis by considering current and past performance of the investment, consistency of the unobservable inputs with external market data and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, and management s historical forecasting accuracy, or (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent fair value estimate for certain level 3 investments and comparison of management s estimate to the independently developed estimate. Developing an independent fair value estimate involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management and independently developing significant unobservable inputs related to the modified discount rate for those investments valued using a yield analysis and the EBITDA and EBITDA multiples or revenue and revenue multiples for those investments valued using a total enterprise value. 
 /s/ 
 
 November 13, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 ASSETS Investments, at fair value: Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments (Cost of and , respectively) 
 Affiliate investments (Cost of and , respectively) 
 Control investments (Cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Interest receivable, net Due from administrative agent Deferred financing costs, net Other assets, net TOTAL ASSETS 
 LIABILITIES Line of credit at fair value (Cost of and , respectively) 
 Notes payable, net of unamortized deferred financing costs of and , respectively 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Interest payable 
 Fees due to Adviser (A) 
 Fee due to Administrator (A) 
 Other liabilities 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 Commitments and contingencies (B) 
 par value per share, and shares authorized, respectively, and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 NET ASSETS Common stock, par value per share, and shares authorized, respectively, and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively (C) 
 Capital in excess of par value Cumulative net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) Under distributed net investment income Accumulated net realized losses ) ) Total distributable loss 
 ) ) TOTAL NET ASSETS 
 NET ASSET VALUE PER COMMON SHARE (C) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 (C) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 Year ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments 
 Affiliate investments 
 Control investments 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Total interest income (excluding PIK interest income) 
 PIK interest income 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments 
 Affiliate investments 
 Control investments Total PIK interest income 
 Total interest income 
 Success fee income 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments 
 Affiliate investments 
 Total success fee income 
 Dividend income 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments 
 Control investments 
 Total dividend income 
 Other income 
 Total investment income 
 EXPENSES Base management fee (A) 
 Loan servicing fee (A) 
 Incentive fee (A) 
 Administration fee (A) 
 Interest expense on line of credit and notes payable 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 Professional fees 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 Expenses, before credits from Adviser 
 Credit to base management fee - loan servicing fee (A) 
 ) ) ) Credit to fees from Adviser - other (A) 
 ) ) ) Total expenses, net of credits 
 NET INVESTMENT INCOME 
 NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) Net realized gain (loss): Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments 
 Affiliate investments 
 Control investments 
 ) Other 
 ) Total net realized gain (loss) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation): 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments 
 ) ) Affiliate investments 
 ) ) Control investments 
 ) Other 
 Total net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 ) ) Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 
 ) PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 
 BASIC AND DILUTED PER COMMON SHARE: Net investment income (B) 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (B) 
 WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING: Basic and Diluted (B) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Year ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 OPERATIONS Net investment income 
 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 
 Net realized gain (loss) on other 
 ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments 
 ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations 
 DISTRIBUTIONS Distributions to common stockholders from net investment income , , and per share, respectively) (A)(B) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to common stockholders from return of capital , , and per share, respectively) (A)(B) 
 ) Net decrease in net assets from distributions 
 ) ) ) CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS Issuance of common stock 
 Offering costs for issuance of common stock 
 ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital transactions 
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS ) NET ASSETS, BEGINNING OF YEAR NET ASSETS, END OF YEAR 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Year ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Purchase of investments 
 ) ) ) Principal repayments on investments 
 Proceeds from sale of investments 
 Increase in investments due to paid-in-kind interest or other 
 ) ) ) Net change in premiums, discounts and amortization 
 ) Net realized gain on investments 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments 
 ) Net realized loss (gain) on other 
 ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Decrease (increase) in interest receivable, net 
 ) ) Decrease (increase) in funds due from administrative agent 
 ) Decrease (increase) in other assets, net 
 ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Increase (decrease) in interest payable 
 ) Increase (decrease) in fees due to Adviser (A) 
 ) Increase (decrease) in fee due to Administrator (A) 
 Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 
 ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from line of credit 
 Repayments on line of credit 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 
 Redemption of notes payable 
 ) Financing costs 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Offering costs for issuance of common stock 
 ) ) ) Distributions paid to common stockholders 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS RESTRICTED CASH, AND RESTRICTED CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH, AND RESTRICTED CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 
 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH, AND RESTRICTED CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 
 CASH PAID DURING YEAR FOR INTEREST 
 NON-CASH ACTIVITIES (B) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 million, resulting in a realized gain of approximately million. As part of the proceeds, we received an interest in B. Riley Financial, Inc. senior notes in the amount of million. 
 In June 2022, our investment in LWO Acquisitions Company LLC was restructured, resulting in non-cash activity of million and new investments in Lonestar EMS, LLC, which are listed on the accompanying Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2022. 

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value NON-CONTROL/NON-AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS (M) 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 Antenna Research Associates, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 11/2026) (E)(U) 
 Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 2/2026) (C) 
 SpaceCo Holdings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2025) (C)(H) 
 SpaceCo Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2025) (C)(H) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 Caf Zupas Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2027) (C) 
 Caf Zupas Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2027) (C) 
 Caf Zupas Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2027) (C) 
 Eegee s LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Eegee s LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Eegee s LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Salt Straw, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Salt Straw, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Sokol Company Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 8/2027) (C) 
 Buildings and Real Estate 
 GFRC 360, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2025) (C) 
 GFRC 360, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 9/2025) (C) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 10/2026) (E) 
 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 10/2026) (E) 
 NeoGraf Solutions LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 1/2028) (C) 
 NeoGraf Solutions LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 1/2028) (C) 
 OCI, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2028) (C) 
 Torrent Photonics Holdco LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2027) (C) 
 Unirac Holdings, Inc. Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Unirac Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Unirac Holdings, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Viva Railings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 5/2027) (C) 
 Viva Railings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2027) (C) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Axios Industrial Group, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 10/2027) (C) 
 Axios Industrial Group, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 10/2027) (C) 
 DKI Ventures, LLC Line of Credit, available Cash, Due 12/2025) (E)(F) 
 DKI Ventures, LLC Term Debt Cash, Due 12/2025) (E)(F) 
 ENET Holdings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2025) (C) 
 ENET Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Fix-It Group, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Fix-It Group, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Fix-It Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Leadpoint Business Services, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 2/2028) (C) 
 MCG Energy Solutions, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 3/2026) (E) 
 Quality Environmental Midco, Inc. Line of Credit, available Cash, Due 11/2028) (C)(F) 
 Quality Environmental Midco, Inc. Term Debt Cash, Due 11/2028) (C)(F) 
 Total Access Elevator, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2029) (C) 
 Total Access Elevator, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2029) (C) 
 Total Access Elevator, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2029) (C) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 ALS Education, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2028) (C) 
 ALS Education, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2028) (C) 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C)(H) 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C)(H) 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C)(H) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 4/2028) (C) 
 Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Machinery 
 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2029) (C) 
 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 9/2029) (C) 
 Oil and Gas 
 FES Resources Holdings LLC Term Debt Cash, Due 12/2024) (E)(F) 
 Telecommunications 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (E)(P) 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2025) (E)(P) 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (E)(P) 
 Total Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt 
 Automobile 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 12/2025) (C)(F) 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 12/2025) (C)(F) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 10/2026) (D) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Cargo Transportation 
 RPM Freight Systems, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 11/2029) (C) 
 RPM Freight Systems, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + Cash, Due 11/2029) (C) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 OCI, LLC Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 11/2028) (C)(F) 
 Springfield, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Perimeter Solutions Group Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 2/2029) (C)(U) 
 Oil and Gas 
 Imperative Holdings Corporation Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 8/2028) (C) 
 Total Secured Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Frontier Financial Group Inc. Convertible Debt Cash, Due 6/2022) (E)(F) 
 Preferred Equity 
 Automobile 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 Salt Straw, LLC Preferred Equity (E)(G) 
 Triple H Food Processors, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Buildings and Real Estate 
 GFRC 360, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Torrent Photonics Holdco LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Frontier Financial Group Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Frontier Financial Group Inc. Preferred Stock Warrant (E)(G) 
 MCG Energy Solutions, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Quality Environmental Midco, Inc. Preferred Equity (E)(G) 
 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Oil and Gas 
 FES Resources Holdings LLC Preferred Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Imperative Holdings Corporation Preferred Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Telecommunications 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Total Preferred Equity Common Equity 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 Antenna Research Associates, Inc. Common Equity Units (E)(G)(U) 
 Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC Common Equity (E)(G) 
 Automobile 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 Salt Straw, LLC Common Warrant (E)(G) 
 Sokol Company Holdings, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Triple H Food Processors, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Buildings and Real Estate 
 GFRC 360, LLC Common Stock Warrants (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 OCI, LLC Common Units (E)(G) 
 NeoGraf Solutions LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Total Access Elevator, LLC Common Equity (E)(G) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 Giving Home Health Care, LLC Warrant (E)(G) 
 GSM MidCo LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. Limited Partnership Interest uncalled capital commitment) (G)(L)(R) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Machinery 
 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Oil and Gas 
 FES Resources Holdings LLC Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Total Safety Holdings, LLC Common Equity (E)(G) 
 Telecommunications 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Common Stock Warrant (E)(G) 
 Total Common Equity Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS (N) 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. (S) Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 8/2026) (E)(P) 
 Preferred Equity 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. (S) Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Encore Dredging Holdings, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Total Preferred Equity Common Equity 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Total Affiliate Investments CONTROL INVESTMENTS (O) 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC Term Debt Cash, Due 6/2027) (E)(F) 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 11/2026) (E)(P) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 11/2026) (E)(P) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Printing and Publishing 
 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC Line of Credit, available Cash, Due 10/2027) (E)(F) 
 Total Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt 
 Automobile 
 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 1/2027) (E) 
 Preferred Equity 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Common Equity 
 Automobile 
 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC Common Units (E)(G) 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Common Warrant (E)(G) 
 Printing and Publishing 
 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Total Common Equity Total Control Investments TOTAL INVESTMENTS (T) 
 
 (A) million at fair value, are pledged as collateral under our revolving line of credit, as described further in Note 5 Borrowings in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. of our total assets. As of September 30, 2024, our investment in Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. Leeds is considered a non-qualifying asset under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. Such non-qualifying assets represent less than of total investments, at fair value, as of September 30, 2024. 
 (B) as of September 30, 2024. If applicable, paid-in-kind PIK interest rates are noted separately from the cash interest rate. Certain securities are subject to an interest rate floor. The cash interest rate is the greater of the floor or SOFR plus a spread. Due dates represent the contractual maturity date. 
 (C) 
 (D) 
 (E) 
 (F) 
 (G) 
 (H) as of September 30, 2024. 
 (I) 
 (J) 
 (K) 
 (L) after all outstanding leverage has matured. 
 (M) 
 (N) 
 (O) 
 (P) 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 (Q) 
 (R) 
 (S) 
 (T) million; cumulative gross unrealized appreciation for federal income tax purposes is million. Cumulative net unrealized appreciation is million, based on a tax cost of million. 
 (U) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value NON-CONTROL/NON-AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS (M) 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 Antenna Research Associates, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 11/2026) (E) 
 Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 2/2026) (C) 
 SpaceCo Holdings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2025) (C)(U) 
 SpaceCo Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2025) (C)(U) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 Caf Zupas Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2024) (C) 
 Caf Zupas Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2024) (C) 
 Caf Zupas Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2024) (C) 
 Eegee s LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Eegee s LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Eegee s LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Salt Straw, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Salt Straw, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Sokol Company Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 8/2027) (C) 
 Buildings and Real Estate 
 GFRC 360, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2024) (C) 
 GFRC 360, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 9/2024) (C) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 10/2026) (C) 
 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 10/2026) (C) 
 NeoGraf Solutions LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 1/2028) (C) 
 NeoGraf Solutions LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 1/2028) (C) 
 OCI, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2028) (C) 
 Salvo Technologies, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2027) (C) 
 Unirac Holdings, Inc. Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Unirac Holdings, Inc. Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Unirac Holdings, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 9/2027) (C) 
 Viva Railings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 5/2027) (C) 
 Viva Railings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2027) (C) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Axios Industrial Group, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 10/2027) (C) 
 DKI Ventures, LLC Line of Credit, available Cash, Due 12/2025) (C)(F) 
 DKI Ventures, LLC Term Debt Cash, Due 12/2025) (C)(F) 
 ENET Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2025) (C) 
 Fix-It Group, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Fix-It Group, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Fix-It Group, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Leadpoint Business Services, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 2/2028) (C) 
 MCG Energy Solutions, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 3/2026) (C) 
 Trowbridge Chicago, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2029) (C) 
 Trowbridge Chicago, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 6/2029) (C) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C)(H) 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C)(H) 
 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 ALS Education, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 5/2025) (C) 
 ALS Education, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2025) (C) 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C)(U) 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C)(U) 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C)(U) 
 Pansophic Learning, Ltd. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 3/2027) (C)(U) 
 Pansophic Learning, Ltd. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 3/2027) (C)(U) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan, available (S + , Cash, Due 4/2028) (C) 
 Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 6/2026) (C) 
 Machinery 
 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 2/2024) (C) 
 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, PIK, Due 2/2024) (C) 
 Telecommunications 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 12/2024) (C) 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2024) (C) 
 Total Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt 
 Automobile 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 12/2025) (C)(F) 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 12/2025) (C)(F) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 10/2026) (D) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 OCI, LLC Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 11/2028) (C)(F) 
 Springfield, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 12/2026) (C) 
 Tailwind Smith Cooper Intermediate Corporation Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2027) (D)(U) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 CHA Holdings, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 4/2026) (D)(U) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Gray Matter Systems, LLC Term Debt Cash, PIK, Due 12/2026) (C)(F) 
 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 Giving Home Health Care, LLC Term Debt Cash, Due 2/2028) (C)(F) 
 Oil and Gas 
 Imperative Holdings Corporation Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 8/2028) (C) 
 Total Secured Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Frontier Financial Group Inc. Convertible Debt Cash, Due 6/2022) (E)(F) 
 Preferred Equity 
 Automobile 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 Triple H Food Processors, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Buildings and Real Estate 
 GFRC 360, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Salvo Technologies, Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Frontier Financial Group Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Frontier Financial Group Inc. Preferred Stock Warrant (E)(G) 
 MCG Energy Solutions, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Trowbridge Chicago, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 HH-Inspire Acquisition, Inc. Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Oil and Gas 
 FES Resources Holdings LLC Preferred Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Imperative Holdings Corporation Preferred Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Telecommunications 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Total Preferred Equity Common Equity 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 Antenna Research Associates, Inc. Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC Common Equity (E)(G) 
 Automobile 
 Sea Link International IRB, Inc. Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 
 Salt Straw, LLC Common Warrant (E)(G) 
 Sokol Company Holdings, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Triple H Food Processors, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Buildings and Real Estate 
 GFRC 360, LLC Common Stock Warrants (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 OCI, LLC Common Units (E)(G) 
 NeoGraf Solutions LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 WorkforceQA, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 
 Giving Home Health Care, LLC Warrant (E)(G) 
 GSM MidCo LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. Limited Partnership Interest uncalled capital commitment) (G)(L)(R) 
 Technical Resource Management, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Machinery 
 Arc Drilling Holdings LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Oil and Gas 
 FES Resources Holdings LLC Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Total Safety Holdings, LLC Common Equity (E)(G) 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Funko Acquisition Holdings, LLC (S) Common Units (G)(T) 
 Telecommunications 
 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. (S) Common Stock Warrant (E)(G) 
 Total Common Equity Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS (N) 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. (S) Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 8/2024) (E)(P) 
 Preferred Equity 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. (S) Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Encore Dredging Holdings, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Total Preferred Equity Common Equity 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Total Affiliate Investments CONTROL INVESTMENTS (O) 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC Term Debt PIK, Due 6/2027) (E)(F) 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 11/2026) (E) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 11/2026) (E) 
 Printing and Publishing 
 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC Line of Credit, available Cash, Due 10/2024) (E)(F) 
 Total Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt 
 Automobile 
 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 5/2026) (E) 
 Preferred Equity 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 Company and Investment (A)(B)(K)(Q) 
 Principal/ 
 Shares/ 
 Units (I)(J) 
 Cost Fair Value WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Preferred Stock (E)(G) 
 Common Equity 
 Automobile 
 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. Common Stock (E)(G) 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC Common Units (E)(G) 
 Machinery 
 PIC 360, LLC Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Printing and Publishing 
 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC Common Equity Units (E)(G) 
 Total Common Equity Total Control Investments TOTAL INVESTMENTS (V) 
 
 (A) million at fair value, are pledged as collateral under our revolving line of credit, as described further in Note 5 Borrowings in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), we may not acquire any non-qualifying assets unless, at the time such acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least of our total assets. As of September 30, 2023, our investments in Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. Leeds and Funko Acquisition Holdings, LLC Funko are considered non-qualifying assets under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. Such non-qualifying assets represent less than of total investments, at fair value, as of September 30, 2023. 
 (B) as of September 30, 2023. If applicable, paid-in-kind PIK interest rates are noted separately from the cash interest rate. Certain securities are subject to an interest rate floor. The cash interest rate is the greater of the floor or SOFR plus a spread. Due dates represent the contractual maturity date. 
 (C) 
 (D) 
 (E) 
 (F) 
 (G) 
 (H) 
 (I) 
 (J) 
 (K) 
 (L) after all outstanding leverage has matured. 
 (M) 
 (N) 
 (O) 
 (P) 
 (Q) 
 (R) 
 (S) 
 (T) 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 (U) as of September 30, 2023. 
 (V) million; cumulative gross unrealized appreciation for federal income tax purposes is million. Cumulative net unrealized depreciation is million, based on a tax cost of million. 
 
 THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA AND AS OTHERWISE 
 INDICATED) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 million to million) in the U.S. that we believe will provide stable earnings and cash flow to pay expenses, make principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness and make distributions to stockholders that grow over time; and (2) provide our stockholders with long-term capital appreciation in the value of our assets by investing in equity securities, in connection with our debt investments, that we believe can grow over time to permit us to sell our equity investments for capital gains. 
 Gladstone Business Loan, LLC Business Loan ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours, was established on February 3, 2003, for the sole purpose of holding certain investments pledged as collateral under our line of credit. The financial statements of Business Loan are consolidated with those of Gladstone Capital Corporation. 
 We are externally managed by Gladstone Management Corporation (the Adviser ), an affiliate of ours and an SEC registered investment adviser, pursuant to an investment advisory and management agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Advisory Agreement ). Administrative services are provided by Gladstone Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), an affiliate of ours and the Adviser, pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). Refer to Note 4 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding these arrangements. 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

94 

Table of Contents 

 95 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 3 Investments for additional information regarding fair value measurements and our application of ASC 820. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 million, or of the cost basis of all debt investments in our portfolio, and a fair value of million, or of the fair value of all debt investments in our portfolio. As of September 30, 2023, our loan to Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. was on non-accrual status with a cost basis of million, or of the cost basis of all debt investments in our portfolio, and a fair value of million, or of the fair value of all debt investments in our portfolio. 
 We currently hold, and we expect to hold in the future, some loans in our portfolio that contain OID or PIK provisions. We recognize OID for loans originally issued at discounts and recognize the income over the life of the obligation based on an effective yield calculation. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in a loan agreement, is added to the principal balance of a loan and recorded as income over the life of the obligation. Thus, the actual collection of PIK income may be deferred until the time of debt principal repayment. To maintain our ability to be taxed as a RIC, we may need to pay out both OID and PIK non-cash income amounts in the form of distributions, even though we have not yet collected the cash on either. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we held and OID loans, respectively. We recorded OID income of million, million, and million during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. As of each of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had investments which had a PIK interest component. We recorded PIK interest income of million, million, and million during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. We collected million, million, and million of PIK interest in cash during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Success Fee Income Recognition 
 We record success fees as income when earned, which often occurs upon receipt of cash. Success fees are generally contractually due upon a change of control in a portfolio company, typically resulting from an exit or sale, and are non-recurring. 
 Dividend Income Recognition 
 We accrue dividend income on preferred and common equity securities to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected and if we have the option to collect such amounts in cash or other consideration. 
 Refer to Note 5 Borrowings for further discussion. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 4 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding these related party fees and agreements. 
 of those amounts. The amount to be paid is determined by our Board of Directors each quarter and is based on the annual earnings estimated by our management. Based on that estimate, a distribution is declared each quarter and is paid out monthly over the course of the respective quarter. Refer to Note 9 Distributions to Common Stockholders for further information. 
 Our transfer agent, Computershare, Inc., offers a dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. This is an opt in dividend reinvestment plan, meaning that common stockholders may elect to have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Common stockholders who do not make such election will receive their distributions in cash. Common stockholders who receive distributions in the form of stock will be subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as stockholders who elect to receive their distributions in cash. As plan agent, Computershare, Inc. purchases shares in the open market in connection with the obligations under the plan. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3. 
 Secured second lien debt 
 Unsecured debt 
 Preferred equity 
 Common equity/equivalents 
 (A) 
 Total Investments as of September 30, 2024: 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Secured second lien debt 
 Unsecured debt 
 Preferred equity 
 Common equity/equivalents 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 Total Investments as of September 30, 2023: 
 (A) Excludes our investment in Leeds with a fair value of thousand and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Leeds was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. 
 (B) Fair value was determined based on the closing market price of shares of Funko, Inc. (our units in Funko can be converted into common shares of Funko, Inc.) at the reporting date less a discount for lack of marketability as our investment was subject to certain restrictions. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Secured second lien debt Unsecured debt Preferred equity Common equity/equivalents (A) 
 (B) 
 Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Affiliate Investments Secured first lien debt Preferred equity Common equity/equivalents Total Affiliate Investments Control Investments Secured first lien debt Secured second lien debt Preferred equity Common equity/equivalents Total Control Investments Total Investments at Fair Value Using Level 3 Inputs 
 (A) Excludes our investment in Leeds with fair value of thousand as of September 30, 2024. Leeds was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. 
 (B) Excludes our investments in Leeds and Funko with fair values of million and thousand, respectively, as of September 30, 2023. Leeds was valued using NAV as a practical expedient, and Funko was valued using Level 2 inputs. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

Yield Analysis Discount Rate / 
 / 
 TEV EBITDA multiple x x / x 
 x x / x 
 EBITDA / 
 / 
 Revenue multiple x x / x 
 x x / x 
 Revenue / 
 / 
 Secured second lien debt Yield Analysis Discount Rate / 
 / 
 Market Quote IBP / 
 / 
 TEV EBITDA multiple x x / x 
 x x / x 
 EBITDA / 
 / 
 Unsecured debt TEV Revenue multiple x x / x 
 x x / x 
 Revenue / 
 / 
 Preferred and common equity / equivalents (A) 
 TEV EBITDA multiple x x / x 
 x x / x 
 EBITDA / 
 / 
 Revenue multiple x x / x 
 x x / x 
 Revenue / 
 / 
 Total Level 3 Investments, at Fair Value 
 
 thousand. Fair value as of September 30, 2023 excludes our investments in Leeds and Funko with fair values of million and thousand, respectively. Leeds was valued using NAV as a practical expedient as of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, and Funko was valued using Level 2 inputs as of September 30, 2023. 
 Fair value measurements can be sensitive to changes in one or more of the valuation inputs. Changes in discount rates, EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples), each in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of our investments. Generally, an increase/(decrease) in market yields, discount rates, or a (decrease)/increase in EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples) may result in a (decrease)/increase, respectively, in the fair value of certain of our investments. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Total gains (losses): Net realized gain (loss) (A) 
 ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (B) 
 ) ) Reversal of prior period net depreciation (appreciation) on realization (B) 
 ) ) ) ) New investments, repayments and settlements: (C) 
 Issuances/originations Settlements/repayments ) ) ) Net proceeds from sales ) ) ) Transfers Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Year Ended September 30, 2023 Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity/ Equivalents Total Fair Value as of September 30, 2022 Total gains (losses): Net realized gain (loss) (A) 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (B) 
 ) ) ) Reversal of prior period net depreciation (appreciation) on realization (B) 
 ) ) New investments, repayments and settlements: (C) 
 Issuances/originations Settlements/repayments ) ) ) Net proceeds from sales ) ) ) Transfers Fair Value as of September 30, 2023 
 (A) Included in net realized gain (loss) on investments on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the corresponding period. 
 (B) Included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the corresponding period. 
 (C) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, accretion of discounts, PIK, and other non-cash disbursements to portfolio companies, as well as decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs and other cost-basis adjustments. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 and proprietary investments with an aggregate fair value of million and million, or and of the total portfolio at fair value, respectively. The following significant proprietary investment transactions occurred during the year ended September 30, 2024: 
 In November 2023, we invested million in Quality Environmental Midco, Inc. Quality through secured first lien debt and preferred equity. We also extended Quality a million secured first lien line of credit commitment, which was unfunded at close. In February 2024, we invested an additional million in Quality through new secured first lien debt and preferred equity and increased the secured first lien line of credit commitment to million. 
 In November 2023, we extended Cafe Zupas, an existing portfolio company, a new million secured first lien delayed draw term loan commitment, which was unfunded at close. We funded million on the delayed draw term loan in December 2023. In addition, our existing term loan was paid down by million. 
 In November 2023, our remaining investment in PIC 360, LLC was sold resulting in a net realized gain of million. 
 In December 2023, we invested an additional million in ALS Education, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In December 2023, we invested an additional million in Leadpoint Business Services, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In December 2023, we invested an additional million in Salt Straw, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through preferred equity. We also increased our delayed draw term loan commitment to Salt Straw, LLC by million. 
 In February and March 2024, we invested a total of an additional million in SpaceCo Holdings, LLC SpaceCo ), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In February 2024, we invested million in Perimeter Solutions Group through secured second lien debt. 
 In March 2024, we received net cash proceeds of million from the sale of Trowbridge Chicago, LLC Trowbridge ), an existing portfolio company. In conjunction with the sale, we received million in prepayment fees and recorded a net realized gain of million on our equity. In September 2024, our remaining debt investment in Trowbridge paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million. 
 In April 2024, we invested million in Total Access Elevator, LLC Total Access through secured first lien debt and common equity. We also extended Total Access a million line of credit commitment and a million delayed draw term loan commitment, both of which were unfunded at close. 
 In April 2024, our debt investment in Giving Home Healthcare, LLC Giving Home paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million including a million prepayment penalty. We also exercised our warrant position for common equity in Giving Home, which we continue to hold, and received a million distribution associated with this investment. 
 In May 2024, our debt investment in Gray Matter Systems, LLC paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million including a million prepayment penalty. 
 In May 2024, our debt investment in Pansophic Learning, Ltd. Pansophic paid off at par for net cash proceeds of million. 
 In May 2024, we invested million in RPM Freight Systems, LLC RPM through secured second lien debt. We also extended RPM a million delayed draw term loan commitment, which was unfunded at close. 
 In May 2024, our remaining shares in Funko were sold representing an exit of our investment and a return of our equity cost basis of thousand and a realized gain of thousand. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 million in Workforce QA, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 In July 2024, we invested an additional million in Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC Turn Key ), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. We also extended Turn Key an additional million line of credit commitment which was funded in July 2024. 
 In September 2024, we invested an additional million in Arc Drilling Holdings LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt and common equity. We also extended Arc Drilling an additional million line of credit commitment and funded million under the line of credit at close. 
 
 Syndicated Investments 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we held and syndicated investments with an aggregate fair value of million and million, or and of the total portfolio at fair value, respectively. The following significant syndicated investment transactions occurred during the year ended September 30, 2024: 
 In January 2024, our investment in CHA Holdings, Inc. paid off at par for net proceeds of million. 
 In July 2024, our investment in Tailwind Smith Cooper Immediate Corporation paid off at par for net proceeds of million. 
 Investment Concentrations 
 As of September 30, 2024, our investment portfolio consisted of investments in portfolio companies located in states in different industries, with an aggregate fair value of million. The five largest investments at fair value as of September 30, 2024 totaled million, or of our total investment portfolio, as compared to the five largest investments at fair value as of September 30, 2023 totaling million, or of our total investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, our average investment by obligor was million and million at cost, respectively. 
 Secured second lien debt Unsecured debt Total debt investments Preferred equity Common equity/equivalents Total equity investments Total Investments 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing Aerospace and Defense Healthcare, Education, and Childcare Beverage, Food, and Tobacco Automobile Machinery Oil and Gas Cargo Transportation Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products Other, Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments South West Midwest Northeast Total Investments 
 The geographic composition indicates the location of the headquarters for our portfolio companies. A portfolio company may have additional locations in other geographic regions. 
 Investment Principal Repayments 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total contractual repayments Adjustments to cost basis of debt investments ) Investments in equity securities Investments held as of September 30, 2024 at cost: 
 (A) Includes debt investments with contractual principal amounts totaling million for which the maturity date has passed as of September 30, 2024. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 days or more past due or if it is determined, based upon management s judgment, that the portfolio company is unable to pay its obligations. We write-off accounts receivable when we have exhausted collection efforts and have deemed the receivables uncollectible. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had gross receivables from portfolio companies of million and million, respectively. The allowance for uncollectible receivables was thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 of total assets (including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings) during any given fiscal year pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. 
 Two of our executive officers, David Gladstone (our chairman and chief executive officer) and Terry Lee Brubaker (our chief operating officer), serve as directors and executive officers of the Adviser, which is indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone. Robert Marcotte (our president) also serves as executive vice president of private equity (debt) of the Adviser. Michael LiCalsi, our general counsel and secretary (who also serves as the Administrator s president, general counsel and secretary), is also the executive vice president of administration of our Adviser. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Multiplied by annual base management fee of 
 Base management fee (B) 
 Portfolio company fee credit ) ) ) Syndicated loan fee credit ) ) ) Net Base Management Fee Loan servicing fee (B) 
 Credit to base management fee - loan servicing fee (B) 
 ) ) ) Net Loan Servicing Fee Incentive fee (B) 
 Incentive fee credit ) ) Net Incentive Fee Portfolio company fee credit ) ) ) Syndicated loan fee credit ) ) ) Incentive fee credit ) ) Credit to Fees from Adviser Other (B) 
 ) ) ) 
 (A) Average total assets subject to the base management fee is defined in the Advisory Agreement as total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, valued at the end of the two most recently completed quarters within the respective years and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. 
 (B) Reflected as a line item on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Base Management Fee 
 The base management fee is payable quarterly to the Adviser pursuant to our Advisory Agreement and is assessed at an annual rate of , computed on the basis of the value of our average total assets at the end of the two most recently-completed quarters (inclusive of the current quarter), which are total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. 
 Additionally, pursuant to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Adviser makes available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. The Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) taking a primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits of any fees for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser; however, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees, totaling thousand, , and thousand for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, was retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser primarily for the valuation of portfolio companies. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 , to the extent that proceeds resulting from borrowings were used to purchase such syndicated loan participations, for each of the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Loan Servicing Fee 
 The Adviser also services the loans held by Business Loan (the borrower under the Credit Facility), in return for which the Adviser receives a annual fee payable monthly based on the aggregate outstanding balance of loans pledged under our Credit Facility. As discussed in the notes to the table above, we treat payment of the loan servicing fee pursuant to the Credit Facility as a pre-payment of the base management fee under the Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, these loan servicing fees are non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably credited back to us by the Adviser. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. The income-based incentive fee rewards the Adviser if our quarterly net investment income (before giving effect to any incentive fee) exceeds during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, which we define as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable or contractually due but not payable during the period, at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the hurdle rate ). The income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is generally payable quarterly to the Adviser and is computed as follows: 
 incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 and from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter; and 
 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 and from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter. 
 The second part of the incentive fee is a capital gains-based incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals of our net realized capital gains (as defined herein) as of the end of the fiscal year. In determining the capital gains-based incentive fee payable to the Adviser, we calculate net realized capital gains at the end of each applicable year by subtracting the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and our entire portfolio s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since inception. The entire portfolio s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, equals the sum of the difference between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable fiscal year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains-based incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses, less the entire portfolio s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any. If this number is positive at the end of such fiscal year, then the capital gains-based incentive fee for such year equals of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains-based incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior years. No capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded or paid since our inception through September 30, 2024, as cumulative unrealized capital depreciation has exceeded cumulative realized capital gains net of cumulative realized capital losses. 
 In accordance with GAAP, a capital gains-based incentive fee accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires us to record a capital gains- based incentive fee equal to of such amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains-based incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. GAAP requires that the capital gains-based incentive fee accrual consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains-based incentive fee would be 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 GAAP accrual for a capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded from our inception through September 30, 2024. 
 Our Board of Directors accepted non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits from the Adviser to reduce the income-based incentive fee to the extent net investment income did not cover distributions to common stockholders for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2022, which credits totaled million and million, respectively. There were such credits during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Transactions with the Administrator 
 We have entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator to provide administrative services. We reimburse the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for the portion of expenses the Administrator incurs while performing services for us. The Administrator s expenses are primarily rent and the salaries, benefits and expenses of the Administrator s employees, including: our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief compliance officer, chief valuation officer, and general counsel and secretary (who also serves as the Administrator s president, general counsel and secretary) and their respective staffs. Two of our executive officers, David Gladstone (our chairman and chief executive officer) and Terry Lee Brubaker (our chief operating officer) serve as members of the board of managers and executive officers of the Administrator, which is indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone. Another of our officers, Michael LiCalsi (our general counsel and secretary), serves as the Administrator s president as well as the executive vice president of administration for the Adviser. 
 Our allocable portion of the Administrator s expenses is generally derived by multiplying the Administrator s total expenses by the approximate percentage of time during the current quarter the Administrator s employees performed services for us in relation to their time spent performing services for all companies serviced by the Administrator. On July 9, 2024, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Administration Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement through August 31, 2025. 
 Other Transactions 
 Gladstone Securities, LLC Gladstone Securities ), a privately-held broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, which is indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer, has provided other services, such as investment banking and due diligence services, to certain of our portfolio companies, for which Gladstone Securities receives a fee. Any such fees paid by portfolio companies to Gladstone Securities do not impact the fees we pay to the Adviser or the non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits against the base management fee or incentive fee. Gladstone Securities received fees from portfolio companies totaling million, million, and million during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 We entered into a dealer manager agreement (the Dealer Manager Agreement with Gladstone Securities pursuant to which Gladstone Securities serves as our exclusive dealer manager in connection with the offering of our Series A Preferred Stock (as defined in Note 6 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Offering ). Under the Dealer Manager Agreement, Gladstone Securities provides certain sales, promotional and marketing services to us in connection with the offering of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Offering ), and we pay Gladstone Securities (i) selling commissions of up to of the gross proceeds from sales of Series A Preferred Stock in the offering, and (ii) a dealer manager fee of up to of the gross proceeds from sales of Series A Preferred Stock in the offering. Gladstone Securities may, in its sole discretion, reallow a portion of the dealer manager fee to participating broker-dealers in support of the Series A Offering. The terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement were approved by our board of directors, including its independent directors. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we paid Gladstone Securities selling commissions and dealer manager fees totaling million related to the offering of Series A Preferred Stock, which are netted against gross proceeds from the sales. There were such fees paid in the prior year. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Loan servicing fee due to Adviser Incentive fee due to (from) Adviser Total fees due to (from) Adviser Fee due to Administrator Total Related Party Fees Due 
 In addition to the above fees, other operating expenses due to the Adviser as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled thousand and thousand, respectively. In addition, net expenses payable to Gladstone Investment Corporation (for reimbursement purposes), which includes certain co-investment expenses, totaled thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts are generally settled in the quarter subsequent to being incurred and are included in other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 million with an accordion feature that permits us to increase the size of the facility to million. The Credit Facility has a revolving period end date of October 31, 2025 and a final maturity date of October 31, 2027 (at which time all principal and interest will be due and payable if the Credit Facility is not extended by the revolving period end date). The interest rate margin is during the revolving period and thereafter (in each case plus a basis point SOFR credit spread adjustment). 
 Borrowings outstanding, at cost Availability (A) 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Weighted average borrowings outstanding, at cost Weighted average interest rate (B) 
 Commitment (unused) fees incurred 
 (A) Available borrowings are subject to various constraints imposed under our Credit Facility, based on the aggregate loan balance pledged by Business Loan, which varies as loans are added and repaid, regardless of whether such repayments are prepayments or made as contractually required. 
 (B) Includes unused commitment fees and excludes the impact of deferred financing costs. 
 Our Credit Facility also requires that any interest or principal payments on pledged loans be remitted directly by the borrower into a lockbox account with KeyBank. KeyBank is also the trustee of the account and generally remits the 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 obligors required in the borrowing base. 
 Additionally, we are required to maintain (i) a minimum net worth (defined in our Credit Facility to include any outstanding mandatorily redeemable preferred stock) of million plus of all equity and subordinated debt raised after May 13, 2021 less of any equity and subordinated debt retired or redeemed after May 13, 2021, which equates to million as of September 30, 2024, (ii) asset coverage with respect to senior securities representing indebtedness of at least (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act), and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and as defined in our Credit Facility, we had a net worth of million, asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness of , calculated in accordance with the requirements of Section 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, and an active status as a BDC and RIC. In addition, we had obligors in our Credit Facility s borrowing base as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all of our Credit Facility covenants. 
 Fair Value 
 We elected to apply the fair value option of ASC 825, Financial Instruments, specifically for the Credit Facility, which was consistent with our application of ASC 820 to our investments. Generally, the fair value of our Credit Facility is determined using a yield analysis which includes a DCF calculation and the assumptions that the Valuation Team believes market participants would use, including the estimated remaining life, counterparty credit risk, current market yield and interest rate spreads of similar securities as of the measurement date. As of September 30, 2024, the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our Credit Facility was one-month Term SOFR, plus per annum, plus a unused commitment fee. As of September 30, 2023, the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our Credit Facility was one-month Term SOFR, plus per annum, plus a unused commitment fee. Generally, an increase or decrease in the discount rate used in the DCF calculation may result in a corresponding decrease or increase, respectively, in the fair value of our Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Credit Facility was valued using Level 3 inputs and any changes in its fair value are recorded in net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of other on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Borrowings Repayments ) ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation (A) 
 Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 (A) Included in net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of other on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The fair value of the collateral under our Credit Facility totaled approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Notes Payable 
 
 In August 2023, we completed an offering of million aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes for net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. The 2028 Notes are traded under the ticker symbol GLADZ on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The 2028 Notes will mature on September 1, 2028 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after September 1, 2025. The 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year. Interest is payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 of each year beginning December 1, 2023 (which equates to approximately million per year). 
 
 In November 2021, we completed a private placement of million aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes for net proceeds of approximately million after deducting initial purchasers costs, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. The 2027 Notes will mature on May 1, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option prior to maturity at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year. Interest is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year (which equates to approximately million per year). 
 
 In April 2022, pursuant to the registration rights agreement we entered into in connection with the 2027 Notes, we conducted an exchange offer through which we offered to exchange all of our then outstanding 2027 Notes (the Restricted Notes that were issued on November 4, 2021, for an equal aggregate principal amount of our new Notes due 2027 (the Exchange Notes that had been registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The terms of the Exchange Notes are identical to those of the Restricted Notes, except that the transfer restrictions and registration rights relating to the Restricted Notes do not apply to the Exchange Notes, and the Exchange Notes do not provide for the payment of additional interest in the event of a registration default. 
 
 In December 2020, we completed an offering of million aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes for net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. In March 2021, we completed an offering of an additional million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes for net proceeds of approximately million after adding premiums and deducting underwriting costs, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. The 2026 Notes will mature on January 31, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option prior to maturity at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year. Interest is payable semi-annually on January 31 and July 31 of each year (which equates to approximately million per year). 
 The indenture relating to the 2028 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2026 Notes contains certain covenants, including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing, (ii) an inability to declare any dividend or distribution (except a dividend payable in our stock) on a class of our capital stock or to purchase shares of our capital stock unless the Company s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act at the time of (and giving effect to) such declaration or purchase, and (iii) if, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 million. We consider the trading price of the 2028 Notes to be a Level 1 input within the ASC 820 hierarchy. The fair value, based on a DCF analysis, of the 2027 Notes as of September 30, 2024 was million. The fair value, based on a DCF analysis, of the 2026 Notes as of September 30, 2024 was million. We consider the 2027 Notes and 2026 Notes to be Level 3 within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 
 shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), par value per share, on a reasonable best efforts basis through our affiliated dealer manager, Gladstone Securities, at a public offering price of per share. Pursuant to the Dealer Manager Agreement, the offering will terminate on the date that is the earlier of (1) December 31, 2026 (unless earlier terminated or extended by our Board of Directors) and (2) the date on which all shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered are sold. See Note 4, Related-Party Transactions Other Transactions, for a discussion of the commissions and fees to be paid to Gladstone Securities in connection with the Series A Offering. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is being sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261398) (the 2021 Registration Statement ), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and a prospectus supplement, dated May 31, 2023, and a base prospectus dated December 22, 2021. As of September 30, 2024, we had the ability to issue up to an additional million in securities under the 2021 Registration Statement. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, we sold shares of Series A Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of million. There were shares sold during the year ended September 30, 2023. There were and shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99-3A, the Company s Series A Preferred Stock has been classified in temporary equity on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . The Preferred Stock is recorded net of offering and issuance costs. Dividend payments to our preferred stockholders are included in preferred stock dividends on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, which totaled million during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 We may be required to mandatorily redeem some or all of the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock if we fail to maintain asset coverage of at least the minimum amount required by Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act (which is currently 150 ). The asset coverage on our senior securities that are stock as of September 30, 2024 was , calculated in accordance with Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act. 
 
 We paid monthly cash dividends of per share to holders of our Series A Preferred Sock for each month from January through September during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 million in an at the market offering (the 2024 ATM Program ). During the year ended September 30, 2024, we sold shares of our common stock under the 2024 Sales Agreement, at a weighted-average price of per share and raised million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, were approximately million. As of September 30, 2024, we had a remaining capacity to sell up to an additional million of our common stock under the 2024 ATM Program. 
 In May 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with Jefferies LLC, as amended in August 2022 (the Sales Agreement ), under which we had the ability to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to million in an at the market offering (the ATM Program ). In July 2023, we amended and restated the Sales Agreement to add Huntington Securities, Inc. as a sales agent under the ATM Program in addition to Jefferies LLC. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we sold shares of our common stock under the Sales Agreement, at a weighted-average price of per share and raised million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, were approximately million. This ATM program terminated in connection with our entry into the 2024 ATM Program. 
 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 
 Our shelf registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-275934) (the 2024 Registration Statement ), which was declared effective on January 17, 2024, permits us to issue, through one or more transactions, up to an aggregate of million in securities, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, subscription rights, debt securities and warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock. As of September 30, 2024, we had the ability to issue up to million in securities under the 2024 Registration Statement. 

NOTE 8. 
 Denominator for basic and diluted weighted average common shares (A) 
 Basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share (A) 
 
 (A) Per share data and shares outstanding have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 monthly distributions to common stockholders each quarter. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 of distributions to common stockholders were deemed to be paid from ordinary income for 1099 stockholder reporting purposes. For the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, of distributions to common stockholders were deemed to be paid from ordinary income and of distributions were deemed to be return of capital for 1099 stockholder reporting purposes. 
 October 10, 2023 November 20, 2023 November 30, 2023 October 10, 2023 December 18, 2023 December 29, 2023 January 9, 2024 January 23, 2024 January 31, 2024 January 9, 2024 February 21, 2024 February 29, 2024 January 9, 2024 March 21, 2024 March 29, 2024 April 9, 2024 April 19, 2024 April 30, 2024 April 9, 2024 May 17, 2024 May 31, 2024 April 9, 2024 June 19, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 9, 2024 July 22, 2024 July 31, 2024 July 9, 2024 August 21, 2024 August 30, 2024 July 9, 2024 September 20, 2024 September 30, 2024 Year Ended September 30, 2024: 2023 October 11, 2022 October 21, 2022 October 31, 2022 October 11, 2022 November 18, 2022 November 30, 2022 October 11, 2022 December 20, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 10, 2023 January 20, 2023 January 31, 2023 January 10, 2023 February 17, 2023 February 28, 2023 January 10, 2023 March 17, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 11, 2023 April 21, 2023 April 28, 2023 April 11, 2023 May 23, 2023 May 31, 2023 April 11, 2023 June 21, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 11, 2023 July 21, 2023 July 31, 2023 July 11, 2023 August 23, 2023 August 31, 2023 July 11, 2023 September 7, 2023 September 15, 2023 (B) 
 July 11, 2023 September 21, 2023 September 29, 2023 Year Ended September 30, 2023: 
 (A) Per share data has been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

Aggregate distributions declared and paid to our common stockholders were approximately million and million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and were declared based on estimates of Investment Company Taxable Income. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our current and accumulated earnings and profits exceeded common stock distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat million and million, respectively of the first common distributions paid to common stockholders in the subsequent fiscal year as having been paid in the prior year. For the fiscal year ended 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 Capital in excess of par value Cumulative net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) Undistributed ordinary income Capital loss carryforward ) ) Other temporary differences ) ) Net Assets 
 We intend to retain some or all of our realized capital gains first to the extent we have available capital loss carryforwards and second, through treating the retained amount as a deemed distribution. As of September 30, 2024, we had million of capital loss carryforwards that do not expire.) ) Accumulated net realized losses Capital in excess of par value ) 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 of our Investment Company Taxable Income. Because we have distributed more than 90.0 of our Investment Company Taxable Income, income tax provisions have been recorded for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 In an effort to limit certain federal excise taxes imposed on RICs, a RIC has to distribute to stockholders, during each calendar year, an amount close to the sum of (1) of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) , of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such years. excise tax provisions have been recorded for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 Under the RIC Modernization Act, we are permitted to carry forward capital losses that we may incur in taxable years beginning after September 30, 2011 for an unlimited period, and such capital loss carryforwards will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Financial Commitments and Obligations 
 We have lines of credit, delayed draw term loans, and an uncalled capital commitment with certain of our portfolio companies that have not been fully drawn. Since these commitments have expiration dates and we expect many will never be fully drawn, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We estimate the fair value of the combined unused lines of credit, the unused delayed draw term loans and the uncalled capital commitment as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 to be immaterial. 
 Delayed draw term loans (A) 
 Uncalled capital commitment Total 
 (A) There may be specific covenant requirements that temporarily limit a portfolio company s availability to draw on an unused line of credit commitment or a delayed draw term loan. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12. Income from operations (B) 
 Net investment income 
 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on other 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total from operations 
 ) Distributions to common stockholders from (B)(C) 
 Net Investment Income ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Realized gains 
 ) Return of capital 
 ) ) ) ) Total distributions 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Capital share transactions (B) 
 Issuance of common stock 
 Discounts, commissions, and offering costs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock 
 Net anti-dilutive (dilutive) effect of equity offering (D) 
 ) ) ) Total capital share transactions 
 ) ) ) Other, net (B)(E) 
 ) ) ) ) Net asset value at end of period / year (A) 
 Per common share market value at beginning of year Per common share market value at end of year Total return (F) 
 ) ) Common stock outstanding at end of year (A) 
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities Data: Net assets at end of year Average net assets (G) 
 Senior Securities Data: Borrowings under line of credit, at cost Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock Notes Payable Ratios/Supplemental Data: Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (H)(I) 
 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (J) 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 , , , , , , , , , and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 
 (J) Had we not received any non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits of fees from the Adviser, the ratio of net investment income to average net assets would have been , , , , , , , , , and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 
 million, including a million prepayment penalty. 
 
 In October 2024, our investment in Antenna Research Associates, Inc. was sold which resulted in a realized gain of approximately million and the repayment of our debt investment of million at par. 
 
 In November 2024, we invested an additional million in Giving Home, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt. 
 
 Distributions 
 November 20, 2024 November 29, 2024 December 20, 2024 December 31, 2024 Total for the Quarter 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Series A Preferred Stock October 24, 2024 November 4, 2024 November 27, 2024 December 4, 2024 December 23, 2024 January 3, 2025 Total for the Quarter 
 
 In November 2024, our Board of Directors declared the following supplemental distribution to common stockholders: 
 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share December 4, 2024 December 18, 2024 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness and design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in timely alerting management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of material information about us required to be included in periodic SEC filings. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Refer to the Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting located in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Not Applicable. 
 d) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in internal controls for the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not adopt or terminate any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Proxy Statement with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct that applies to all of our officers and directors and to the employees of our Adviser and our Administrator. The Code of Conduct is available in the Investors section of our website under Governance Governance Documents at www.GladstoneCapital.com. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a. DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 1. The following financial statements are filed herewith: 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 73 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 22 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 22 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 202 4 , 202 3 and 20 22 
 80 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 
 81 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 93 
 
 2. The following financial statement schedule is filed herewith: 
 Schedule 12-14 Investments in and Advances to Affiliates as of September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 
 129 
 
 No other financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.a.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed July 27, 2001. 
 3.2 Articles Supplementary Establishing and Fixing the Rights and Preferences of Term Preferred Shares, including Appendix A thereto relating to the Term Preferred Shares, 7.125 Series 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.a.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-162592), filed October 31, 2011. 
 3.3 Certificate of Correction to Articles Supplementary Establishing and Fixing the Rights and Preferences of Term Preferred Shares, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed October 29, 2015. 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed September 21, 2017. 
 3.5 Articles Supplementary for 6.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on June 1, 2023. 
 3.6 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed April 5, 2024. 
 3.7 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed April 5, 2024. 
 3.8 Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.b to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed July 27, 2001. 
 3.9 Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed February 17, 2004. 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 3.10 Second Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed July 10, 2007. 
 3.11 Third Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed June 10, 2011. 
 3.12 Fourth Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 29, 2016. 
 3.13 Fifth Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed October 10, 2023. 
 4.1 Form of Certificate for Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.d.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed August 23, 2001. 
 4.2 Form of Certificate for 6.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on June 1, 2023. 
 4.3 Indenture between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 6, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.d.l0 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-208637), filed November 6, 2018. 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of December 15, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed December 15, 2020. 
 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 4, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 4, 2021. 
 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), dated as of August 17, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed August 17, 2023. 
 4.7 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Stock Transfer Agency Agreement between the Registrant and The Bank of New York, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.k.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed July 27, 2001. 
 10.2 Custody Agreement between the Registrant and The Bank of New York, dated as of May 5, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed August 1, 2006. 
 10.3 Administration Agreement between the Registrant and Gladstone Administration, LLC, dated as of October 1, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed October 5, 2006. 
 10.4 Custodial Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form N-2 (File No. 333-185191), filed December 23, 2013. 
 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to Custodial Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.3 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-185191), filed December 23, 2013. 
 10.6 Amendment No. 2 to Custodial Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-185191), filed December 23, 2013. 
 10.7 Fourth Amended and Restated Investment Advisory and Management Agreement between the Registrant and Gladstone Management Corporation, dated as of April 12, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed on May 3, 2022. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 10.8 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2021 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed May 13, 2021. 
 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 12, 2022 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 11, 2022. 
 10.10 Amendment No. 2 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 20, 2022 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 11, 2022. 
 10.11 Amendment No. 3 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 31, 2022 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 11, 2022. 
 10.12 Amendment No. 4 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2023 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on June 22, 2023. 
 10.13 Amendment No. 5 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 13, 2023 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed February 5, 2024. 
 10.14 Amendment No. 6 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed May 1, 2024. 
 10.15 Amendment No. 7 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 27, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed June 27, 2024. 
 10.16 Amendment No. 8 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 12, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed August 12, 2024. 
 14 Code of Ethics 
 19 Insider Trading Policy For Gladstone Capital Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed herewith. 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Clawback Policy 
 99.1 Estimated Value methodology for Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at September 30, 2024 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following materials, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, (v) the Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ NICOLE SCHALTENBRAND Nicole Schaltenbrand Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ DAVID GLADSTONE David Gladstone Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ NICOLE SCHALTENBRAND Nicole Schaltenbrand Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ ANTHONY W. PARKER Anthony W. Parker Director 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ JOHN OUTLAND John Outland Director 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ MICHELA A. ENGLISH Michela A. English 
 Director 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ PAUL ADELGREN Paul Adelgren Director 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ WALTER H. WILKINSON, JR. Walter H. Wilkinson, Jr. 
 Director 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ PAULA NOVARA Paula Novara Director 
 Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ KATHARINE CORNELL GORKA Katharine Cornell Gorka Director 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE 12-14 
 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES 
 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) 
 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. Term Debt (S + . Cash, Due 8/2026) 
 ) Preferred Equity 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. Preferred Stock Diversified/Conglomerate Service 
 Encore Dredging Holdings, LLC Preferred Stock ) Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC Preferred Stock Total Preferred Equity ) Common Equity 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 Canopy Safety Brands, LLC Common Stock TOTAL AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS ) CONTROL INVESTMENTS 
 Secured First Lien Debt 
 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC Term Debt Cash, Due 6/2027) (F) 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC Delayed Draw Term Loan (G) 
 ) ) 
 129 

Table of Contents 

WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Line of Credit, available (S + , Cash, Due 11/2026) 
 ) WB Xcel Holdings, LLC Term Loan (S + , Cash, Due 11/2026) 
 ) ) ) ) Printing and Publishing 
 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC -Line of Credit, available Cash, Due 10/2027) (F) 
 ) Total Secured First Lien Debt ) ) Secured Second Lien Debt 
 Automobile 
 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. Term Debt (S + , Cash, Due 1/2027) 
 ) Preferred Equity 
 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC - Preferred Stock Common Equity 
 Automobile 
 Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc. Common Stock ) Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 Lonestar EMS, LLC - Common Units Machinery 
 PIC 360, LLC Common Equity Units (G) 
 ) ) Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) 
 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC - Common Warrant ) Printing and Publishing 
 TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC Common Equity Units Total Common Equity ) TOTAL CONTROL INVESTMENTS ) 
 (A) Certain of the securities listed in this schedule are issued by affiliate(s) of the indicated portfolio company. 
 (B) Common stock, warrants, options, membership units and, in some cases, preferred stock are generally non-income producing and restricted. 
 (C) Represents the total amount of interest, dividends and other income credited to investment income for the portion of the fiscal year an investment was a control or affiliate investment, as appropriate. 
 (D) Gross additions include increases in investments resulting from new portfolio investments, paid-in-kind interest or dividends, the amortization of discounts and fees, and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 as of September 30, 2024. If applicable, paid-in-kind interest rates are noted separately from the cash interest rate. Certain securities are subject to an interest rate floor. The cash interest rate is the greater of the floor or SOFR plus a spread. Due dates represent the contractual maturity date. 
 (J) Reserved. 
 (K) Represents the principal balance for debt investments and the number of shares/units held for equity investments as of September 30, 2024. Warrants are represented as a percentage of ownership, as applicable. 
 (L) Unless indicated otherwise, all of our investments are valued using Level 3 inputs within the FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 3 Investments in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (M) Category percentages represent the fair value of each category and subcategory as a percentage of net assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 Information related to the amount of equity in the net profit and loss for the year for the investments listed has not been included in this schedule. This information is not considered to be meaningful due to the complex capital structures of the portfolio companies, with different classes of equity securities outstanding with different preferences in liquidation. These investments are not consolidated, nor are they accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 131 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exhibit47-fy2024.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 

Exhibit 4.7 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 
 
 (a) Capital Stock 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 22,230,587 shares of common stock outstanding. All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting privileges and, when issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws. 
 
 Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our Board of Directors and declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock is entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any is outstanding at the time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote and does not have cumulative voting rights, which means that holders of a majority of such shares, if they so choose, could elect all of the directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares would, in that case, be unable to elect any director. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol GLAD. 
 
 6.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 349,931 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. At the time of issuance, the Series A Preferred Stock will be fully paid and non assessable and will have no preemptive, conversion, or exchange rights or rights to cumulative voting. The Series A Preferred Stock will rank equally with shares of all other series of preferred stock (collectively, Preferred Stock that we may issue in the future as to payment of dividends and the distribution of our assets upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up of our affairs. The Series A Preferred Stock is, and all other Preferred Stock that we may issue in the future will be, senior as to dividends and distributions to our common stock. We may issue additional series of Preferred Stock in the future. The Series A Preferred Stock will be effectively subordinated to our existing and future indebtedness, including the Notes and borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 
 The following summary of the terms and provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the pertinent sections of our charter including the articles supplementary (the Articles Supplementary ), which supplement our charter by classifying the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock Shares will be entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) and declared by us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, preferential cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 6.25 per annum of the Liquidation Preference (equivalent to a fixed annual amount of 1.5625 per share) (the Dividend Rate ). Dividends on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue and be paid on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months. Dividends on outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue and be cumulative from the end of the most recent dividend period for which dividends have been paid or, if no dividends have been paid and except as otherwise provided in the following sentence, from the date of issuance. If a share of Series A Preferred Stock is issued after the record date for the dividend period in which such share is issued, dividends on such share will accrue and be cumulative from the beginning of the first dividend period commencing after its issuance. Dividends will be payable monthly in arrears, on or about the fifth day of each month for dividends accrued the previous month or such other date as our Board of Directors may designate, to holders of 

record as they appear in our stock records at the close of business on the applicable record date. The record date for each dividend will be designated by our Board of Directors and will be a date that is prior to the dividend payment date. We currently anticipate the record date will be on or about the 25th of each month, but such date is subject to determination by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon our liquidation, winding up or dissolution 
 
 senior to our common stock in priority of payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon dissolution, liquidation or the winding up of our affairs 
 equal in priority with all other series of Preferred Stock we may issue in the future as to priority of payment of dividends and as to distributions of assets upon dissolution, liquidation or the winding up of our affairs and 
 effectively subordinated to our existing and future indebtedness, including the Notes and borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 General 
 
 Subject to certain restrictions and procedures, commencing on the date of original issuance (or, if after the date of original issuance our Board of Directors suspends the share repurchase program of the Series A Preferred Stock, on the date our Board of Directors reinstates such program) and terminating on the earlier to occur of (1) the date upon which our Board of Directors, by resolution, suspends or terminates the share repurchase program, and (2) the date on which shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are listed on a national securities exchange, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may, at their option, require us to repurchase any or all of their shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a cash payment. 
 
 Quarterly Repurchase Limit 
 
 Repurchases made under the Share Repurchase Program will be subject to a quarterly repurchase limit of 5 of our then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (by number of shares outstanding), calculated as of the end of the previous calendar quarter. 
 
 Applicable Repurchase Discounts 
 
 As a general matter, Shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program will be made at the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference ), or 25.00 per share. plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the Stockholder Repurchase Date , which is the tenth calendar day following delivery of such holder s request that we repurchase shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, or if such tenth calendar day is not a business day, on the next succeeding business day provided however, the share repurchase amount will be subject to the limitations set forth below 
 
 (1.) Shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be subject to an early repurchase discount of 10 (or at a price of 22.50 per Share) 
 (2.) Shares that have been outstanding for at least one year but not more than two years will be subject to an early repurchase discount of 6 (or at a price of 23.50 per Share) and 
 (3.) Shares that have been outstanding for at least two years but not more than three years will be subject to an early repurchase discount of 3 (or at a price of 24.25 per Share). 

Additional Limitations 
 
 Our obligation to repurchase the Shares is limited to the extent that our Board of Directors determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it does not have sufficient funds available, it is restricted by applicable law from making such repurchases, or otherwise suspends or terminates the Share Repurchase Program in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event that our Board of Directors elects to terminate the Share Repurchase Program and subject to satisfaction of any applicable listing requirements, we intend to apply to list the Shares on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange within one calendar year of the termination, however, there can be no assurance that a listing will be achieved in such timeframe, or at all. 
 
 Repurchase Upon Death 
 
 Subject to certain conditions, including the limitations described above, commencing on the date of original issuance, Shares held by a natural person upon his or her death may be repurchased at the written request of the holder s estate for a cash payment equal to the Liquidation Preference, or 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the Death Repurchase Date , which is the fifteenth calendar day of such estate s request that we repurchase the Shares, or, if such fifteenth calendar day is not a business day, on the next succeeding business day. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 Mandatory Redemption for Asset Coverage 
 
 If we fail to maintain Asset Coverage (as defined below) of at least the minimum amount required by Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act (which is currently 150 as of the time of declaration of dividends or other distributions on our common stock (other than dividends payable in shares of common stock), after deducting the amount of such dividend or other distribution, as of the time of purchase of the Company s common stock or issuance of any senior security as defined in the 1940 Act, and such failure is not cured as of the close of business on the Asset Coverage Cure Date (which is defined as the close of business on the date that is 90 calendar days following the date of such failure), the Series A Preferred Stock may become subject to mandatory redemption. 
 
 Asset Coverage means asset coverage of a class of senior security which is a stock, as defined for purposes of Sections 18(h) and 61 of the 1940 Act as in effect on the date of the Articles Supplementary, determined on the basis of values calculated as of a time within 48 hours (not including Sundays or holidays) next preceding the time of such determination. 
 
 Optional Redemption by the Company 
 
 Except in certain limited circumstances, we cannot redeem the Series A Preferred Stock prior to the earlier of (1) first anniversary of the Termination Date and (2) January 1, 2027. The Termination Date is the date that is the earlier of (1) December 31, 2026 (unless earlier terminated or extended by our Board of Directors) or (2) the date on which all 6,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are sold 
 
 On and after the earlier of (1) first anniversary of the Termination Date and (2) January 1, 2027, at our sole option upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, we may redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to all accumulated and unpaid dividends on such shares to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, without interest. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed must then surrender such Series A Preferred Stock at the place designated in the notice. Upon surrender of the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders will be entitled to the redemption price. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been given and if we have deposited the funds necessary for such redemption with the paying agent for the benefit of the holders of any of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, then from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accumulate on those shares of Series A Preferred Stock, those shares of Series A Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. If less than all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock is to be redeemed, 

the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed will be selected (1) pro rata, (2) by lot or (3) by any other fair and equitable method that our Board of Directors may choose. 
 
 1940 Act Restrictions on Dividends and Repurchases 
 
 For so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will not (x) declare any dividend or other distribution (other than a dividend or distribution paid in our common stock) in respect of our common stock, (y) call for redemption, redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any such common stock, or (z) pay any proceeds of the liquidation of the Company in respect of such common stock, unless, in each case, (A) immediately thereafter, we will be in compliance with the Asset Coverage limitations applicable to us under the 1940 Act (currently 150 after deducting the amount of such dividend or distribution or redemption or purchasing price or liquidation proceeds, (B) all cumulative dividends and distributions of shares of all series of Preferred Stock, if any, ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock due on or prior to the date of the applicable dividend, distribution, redemption, purchase or acquisition shall have been declared and paid (or shall have been declared and sufficient funds or deposit securities as permitted by the terms of such Preferred Stock for the payment thereof shall have been deposited irrevocably with the applicable paying agent) and (C) we have deposited deposit securities with the redemption and paying agent in accordance with certain requirements with respect to outstanding Preferred Stock of any series to be redeemed pursuant an Asset Coverage mandatory redemption resulting from the failure to comply with the Asset Coverage for which a notice of redemption shall have been given or shall have been required to be given on or prior to the date of the applicable dividend, distribution, redemption, purchase or acquisition. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid, out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, a liquidation distribution equal to the Liquidation Preference, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends on such shares to, but excluding, the date of payment, but without interest, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock. If our assets legally available for distribution to stockholders are insufficient to pay in full the Liquidation Preference plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and the amounts due upon liquidation with respect to such other shares of Preferred Stock, then the available assets will be distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock ratably so that the amount of assets distributed per share of Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock will in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that the Liquidation Preference per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and the liquidation preference on such other series of Preferred Stock bear to each other. Written notice of any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, stating the payment date or dates when, and the place or places where, the amounts distributable in such circumstances will be payable, will be given by first class mail, postage pre paid, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each record holder of the Series A Preferred Stock at the respective addresses of such holders as the same appear on the stock transfer records of the Company. After payment of the full amount of the liquidation preference, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to which they are entitled, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. If we convert into or consolidate or merge with or into any other corporation, trust or entity, effect a statutory share exchange or sell, lease, transfer or convey all or substantially all of our property or business, we will not be deemed to have liquidated, dissolved or wound up. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in our charter, including the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, each holder of a share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on each matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders and the holders of outstanding shares of any Preferred Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, will vote together with holders of common stock as a single class. Under applicable rules of Nasdaq and Maryland law, we are currently required to hold annual meetings of stockholders. 
 
 In addition, the holders of outstanding shares of any Preferred Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, will be entitled, as a class, to the exclusion of the holders of all other securities and the common stock, to 

elect two of our directors at all times (regardless of the total number of directors serving on the Board of Directors). We refer to these directors as the Preferred Directors . The holders of outstanding shares of common stock and Preferred Stock, including Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, will elect the balance of our directors. Under our bylaws, our directors are divided into three classes. At each annual meeting of our stockholders, the successors to the class of directors whose term expires at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. Our Preferred Directors will be up for election in 2026. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) at the close of business on any dividend payment date for dividends on any outstanding share of any Preferred Stock, including any outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, accumulated dividends (whether or not earned or declared) on the shares of Preferred Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, equal to at least two full years dividends shall be due and unpaid and sufficient cash or specified securities shall not have been deposited with the redemption and paying agent or other applicable paying agent for the payment of such accumulated dividends or (2) at any time holders of any shares of Preferred Stock are entitled under the 1940 Act to elect a majority of our directors (a period when either of the foregoing conditions exists, a Voting Period ), then the number of members constituting our Board of Directors will automatically be increased by the smallest number that, when added to the two directors elected exclusively by the holders of shares of any Preferred Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, as described above, would constitute a majority of our Board of Directors as so increased by such smallest number and the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, will be entitled as a class on a one vote per share basis, to elect such additional directors. The terms of office of the individuals who are directors at the time of that election will not be affected by the election of the additional directors. If we thereafter shall pay, or declare and set apart for payment, in full all dividends payable on all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, including Series A Preferred Stock, for all past dividend periods, or the Voting Period is otherwise terminated, (1) the voting rights stated above shall cease, subject always, however, to the revesting of such voting rights in the holders of shares of Preferred Stock upon the further occurrence of any of the events described herein, and (2) the terms of office of all of the additional directors so elected will terminate automatically. Any Preferred Stock, including Series A Preferred Stock, issued after the date hereof will vote with Series A Preferred Stock as a single class on the matters described above, and the issuance of any other Preferred Stock, including Series A Preferred Stock, by us may reduce the voting power of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 As soon as practicable after the accrual of any right of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors as described above, we will call a special meeting of such holders and notify the Redemption and Paying Agent and or such other person as is specified in the terms of such Preferred Stock to receive notice, (i) by mailing or delivery by electronic means or (ii) in such other manner and by such other means as are specified in the terms of such Preferred Stock, a notice of such special meeting to such holders, such meeting to be held not less than 10 nor more than 30 calendar days after the date of the delivery by electronic means or mailing of such notice. If we fail to call such a special meeting, it may be called at our expense by any such holder on like notice. The record date for determining the holders of shares of Preferred Stock entitled to notice of and to vote at such special meeting shall be the close of business on the fifth business day preceding the calendar day on which such notice is mailed. At any such special meeting and at each meeting of holders of shares of Preferred Stock held during a Voting Period at which directors are to be elected, such holders, voting together as a class (to the exclusion of the holders of all our other securities and classes of capital stock), will be entitled to elect the number of additional directors prescribed above on a one vote per share basis. 
 
 Except as otherwise permitted by the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two thirds of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, amend, alter or repeal the provisions of the charter, including the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any privilege, preference, right or power of the Series A Preferred Stock provided, however, that (i) a change in our capitalization as described under the heading Issuance of Additional Preferred Stock will not be considered to materially and adversely affect the privileges, preferences, rights or powers of Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii) a division of a share of Series A Preferred Stock will be deemed to affect such preferences, rights or powers only if the terms of such division materially and adversely affect the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. For purposes of the foregoing, no matter shall be deemed to adversely affect any privilege, preference, right or power of a share of Series A Preferred Stock or the holder thereof unless such matter (i) alters or abolishes any preferential right of such share of Series A Preferred Stock, or (ii) creates, 

alters or abolishes any right in respect of redemption of such Series A Preferred Stock (other than as a result of a division of such Series A Preferred Stock). 
 
 So long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting as a separate class, file a voluntary application for relief under federal bankruptcy law or any similar application under state law for so long as we are solvent and do not foresee becoming insolvent. No amendment, alteration or repeal of our obligation to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock or to accumulate dividends at the Dividend Rate will be effected without, in each case, the prior unanimous vote or consent of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, including the shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting as a separate class, will be required (i) to approve us ceasing to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC, or (ii) to approve any plan of reorganization (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(33) of the 1940 Act) adversely affecting such shares of Preferred Stock. 
 For purposes of the foregoing, the vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock means the vote at an annual or special meeting duly called of (a) 67 or more of such shares present at a meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of such outstanding shares are present or represented by proxy at such meeting, or (b) more than 50 of such outstanding shares, whichever is less. 
 
 For purposes of determining any rights of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to vote on any matter, whether such right is created by our charter, including the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, by statute or otherwise, no holder of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote any shares of Series A Preferred Stock and no share of Series A Preferred Stock will be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of voting or determining the number of shares required to constitute a quorum if, prior to or concurrently with the time of determination of shares entitled to vote or the time of the actual vote on the matter, as the case may be, the requisite Notice of Redemption with respect to such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will have been given in accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, and the Redemption Price for the redemption of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will have been irrevocably deposited with the Redemption and Paying Agent for that purpose. No shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by us will have any voting rights or be deemed to be outstanding for voting or for calculating the voting percentage required on any other matter or other purposes. 
 
 Unless otherwise required by law or our charter, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not have any relative rights or preferences or other special rights with respect to voting other than those specifically set forth in the Voting Rights section of the Articles Supplementary. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will have no rights to cumulative voting. In the event that we fail to declare or pay any dividends on Series A Preferred Stock, the exclusive remedy of the holders will be the right to vote for additional directors as discussed above. 
 
 Issuance of Additional Preferred Stock 
 
 So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we may, without the vote or consent of the holders thereof, authorize, establish and create and issue and sell shares of one or more series of a class of our senior securities representing stock under Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon dissolution, liquidation or the winding up of our affairs, in addition to then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, including additional series of Preferred Stock, and authorize, issue and sell additional shares of any such series of Preferred Stock then outstanding or so established and created, including additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, in each case in accordance with applicable law, provided that we will, immediately after giving effect to the issuance of such additional Preferred Stock and to our receipt and application of the proceeds thereof, including to the redemption of Preferred Stock with such proceeds, have Asset Coverage as required by Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act (which is currently 150 ). 
 
 Modification 
 
 The Board of Directors, without the vote of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, may interpret or correct the provisions of the Articles Supplementary to supply any omission, resolve any inconsistency or ambiguity or to cure or correct any defective or inconsistent provision, including any provision that becomes 

defective after the date hereof because of impossibility of performance or any provision that is inconsistent with any provision of any other Preferred Stock or the common stock. 
 
 (b) Debt Securities 
 
 7.75 Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes 
 
 The following is a summary description of the material terms of the 2028 Notes and the indenture. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture (as defined below), the components of which are attached as exhibits to this Annual Report. 
 
 General 
 
 The 2028 Notes were issued under a base indenture dated as of November 6, 2018 and a fifth supplemental indenture thereto dated August 17, 2023, between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (collectively, the indenture ). The 2028 Notes will mature on September 1, 2028. The principal payable at maturity will be 100 of the aggregate principal amount. The interest rate of the 2028 Notes is 7.75 per year and will be paid every March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, commencing December 1, 2023, and the regular record dates for interest payments will be every February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, commencing November 15, 2023. If an interest payment date falls on a non business day, the applicable interest payment will be made on the next business day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment. The 2028 2028 Notes are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol GLADZ. 
 
 The 2028 Notes were issued in denominations of 25 and integral multiples of 25 in excess thereof. The 2028 Notes are not subject to any sinking fund and holders of the 2028 Notes do not have the option to have the 2028 Notes repaid prior to the stated maturity date. 
 
 The indenture does not limit the amount of debt (including secured debt) that may be issued by us or our subsidiaries under the indenture or otherwise, but does contain a covenant regarding our asset coverage that would have to be satisfied at the time of our incurrence of additional indebtedness. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 In addition to standard covenants relating to payment of principal and interest, maintaining an office where payments may be made or securities can be surrendered for payment and related matters, the following covenants will apply to the 2028 Notes 
 
 We agree that for the period of time during which the 2028 Notes are outstanding, we will not violate Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC. Currently, these provisions generally prohibit us from incurring additional indebtedness, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowings. 
 We agree that for the period of time during which 2028 Notes are outstanding, we will not declare any dividend (except a dividend payable in our stock), or declare any other distribution, upon a class of our capital stock, or purchase any such capital stock, unless, in every such case, at the time of the declaration of any such dividend or distribution, or at the time of any such purchase, we have an asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, of at least the threshold specified under Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions thereto of the 1940 Act, after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and in each case giving effect to any no action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC and upon which we may reasonably rely (or to us if we determine to seek such similar no action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, in order to maintain such BDC s status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 If, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with the SEC, we agree to furnish to holders of the 2028 Notes and the trustee, for the period of time during which the 2028 Notes are outstanding, our audited annual consolidated financial statements, within 90 days of our fiscal year end, and unaudited interim consolidated financial 

statements, within 45 days of our fiscal quarter end (other than our fourth fiscal quarter). All such financial statements will be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable GAAP. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 The 2028 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after September 1, 2025, upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise payable thereon for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 Conversion and Exchange 
 
 The 2028 Notes are not convertible into or exchangeable for other securities. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 The term Event of Default in respect of the 2028 Notes means any of the following 
 
 We do not pay the principal of any 2028 Note when due and payable at maturity 
 We do not pay interest on any 2028 Note when due and payable, and such default is not cured within 30 days of its due date 
 We remain in breach of any other covenant in respect of the 2028 Notes for 60 days after we receive a written notice of default stating we are in breach (the notice must be sent by either the trustee or holders of at least 25 of the principal amount of the outstanding 2028 Notes) 
 We file for bankruptcy or certain other events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur and remain undischarged or unstayed for a period of 90 days or 
 On the last business day of each of twenty-four consecutive calendar months, the 2028 Notes have an asset coverage (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act) of less than 100 . 
 
 An Event of Default for the 2028 Notes may, but does not necessarily, constitute an Event of Default for any other series of debt securities issued under the same or any other indenture. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of the 2028 Notes of any default, except in the payment of principal or interest, if it in good faith considers the withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders. 
 
 Remedies if an Event of Default Occurs 
 
 If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may declare the entire principal amount of all the 2028 Notes to be due and immediately payable, but this does not entitle any holder of 2028 Notes to any redemption payout or redemption premium. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. In certain circumstances, a declaration of acceleration of maturity may be canceled by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes if (1) we have deposited with the trustee all amounts due and owing with respect to the 2028 Notes (other than principal or any payment that has become due solely by reason of such acceleration) and certain other amounts, and (2) any other Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 
 Except in cases of default, where the trustee has some special duties, the trustee is not required to take any action under the indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the trustee indemnity, security or both against costs, expenses and liability reasonably satisfactory to it (called an indemnity ). If indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the trustee. The trustee may refuse to follow those directions in certain circumstances. No delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy will be treated as a waiver of that right, remedy or Event of Default. 

Waiver of Default 
 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes may waive any past defaults other than a default 
 
 in the payment of principal (or premium, if any) or interest or 
 in respect of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder of the 2028 Notes 
 
 Each year, we will furnish to the trustee a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the indenture and the 2028 Notes, or else specifying any default. 
 
 Modification or Waiver 
 
 There are three types of changes we can make to the indenture and the 2028 Notes issued thereunder. 
 
 Changes Requiring Approval of Each Holder 
 
 First, there are changes that we cannot make to the 2028 Notes without the specific approval of each holder thereof. The following is a list of those types of changes 
 
 change the stated maturity of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) or any installment of principal of or interest on the 2028 Notes 

reduce any amounts due on the 2028 Notes or reduce the rate of interest on the 2028 Notes 

reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a 2028 Note following a default 

change the place or currency of payment on a 2028 Note 

impair a holder s right to sue for payment 

reduce the percentage of holders of 2028 Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the indenture and 

reduce the percentage of holders of 2028 Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the indenture or to waive certain defaults or reduce the percentage of holders of 2028 Notes required to satisfy quorum or voting requirements at a meeting of holders of the 2028 Notes. 
 
 Changes Not Requiring Approval 
 
 The second type of change does not require any vote by the holders of the 2028 Notes. This type is limited to clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the 2028 Notes in any material respect. 
 
 Changes Requiring Majority Approval 
 
 Any other change to the indenture and the 2028 Notes would require the following approval 

if the change affects only the 2028 Notes, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of the 2028 Notes and 

if the change affects more than one series of debt securities issued under the same indenture, it must be approved by the holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series affected by the change, with all affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. 
 
 In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. The holders of a majority in principal amount of all of the series of debt securities issued under the indenture, voting together as one class for this purpose, may waive our compliance with some of our covenants in that indenture. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a 

payment default or of any of the matters covered by the bullet points included above under Changes Requiring Approval of Each Holder. 
 
 Further Details Concerning Voting 
 
 When taking a vote, we will use the following rules to decide how much principal to attribute to the 2028 Notes 
 
 The 2028 Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside in trust money for their payment or redemption or if we or any affiliate of ours own any 2028 Notes. The 2028 Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described below. 
 
 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of the 2028 Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the indenture. However, the record date may not be earlier than 30 days before the date of the first solicitation of holders to vote on or take such action and not later than the date such solicitation is completed. If we set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the 2028 Notes, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of the 2028 Notes on the record date and must be taken within eleven months following the record date. 
 
 Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 
 The 2028 Notes are subject to defeasance by us. Defeasance means that, by depositing with a trustee an amount of cash and or government securities sufficient to pay all principal and interest, if any, on the 2028 Notes when due and satisfying any additional conditions required under the indenture relating to the 2028 Notes, we will be deemed to have been discharged from our obligations under the 2028 Notes. 
 
 The 2028 Notes are subject to covenant defeasance by us. In the event of a covenant defeasance, upon depositing such funds and satisfying conditions similar to those for defeasance we would be released from certain covenants under the indenture relating to the 2028 Notes. The consequences to the holders of the 2028 Notes would be that, while they would no longer benefit from certain covenants under the indenture, and while the 2028 Notes could not be accelerated for any reason, the holders of the 2028 Notes nonetheless could look to the Company for repayment of the 2028 Notes if there were a shortfall in the funds deposited with the trustee or the trustee is prevented from making a payment. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The 2028 Notes will be our direct unsecured obligations and will rank 
 
 pari passu with our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness, including our 2026 Notes and our 2027 Notes 
 senior to our Series A Preferred Stock and any series of preferred stock that we may issue in the future 
 senior to any of our future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2028 Notes 
 effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness of Gladstone Capital Corporation (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and 
 structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our subsidiaries and any other future subsidiaries of Gladstone Capital Corporation, including borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 
 The Trustee under the Indenture 
 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association serves as the trustee, paying agent and security registrar under the indenture. 

(c) Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 In accordance with our bylaws, our Board of Directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of directors in each class expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. One class has three directors and two classes have two directors. A classified board may render more difficult a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors will help to ensure continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 
 Our classified board could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult. Because our directors may only be removed for cause, at least two annual meetings of stockholders, instead of one, will generally be required to effect a change in a majority of our Board of Directors. Thus, our classified board could increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions. The staggered terms of directors may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or an attempt to change control of us or another transaction that might involve a premium price for our common stock that might be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Number of Directors Removal Vacancies 
 
 Our charter provides that the number of directors will be determined pursuant to our bylaws and our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board of Directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. In addition, our bylaws provide that the number of directors shall not be increased by 50 or more in any 12-month period without the approval of two-thirds of the members of our Board of Directors then in office. Our bylaws provide that any vacancies may be filled only by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, and the directors so appointed shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until their successors are elected and qualified. 
 
 Our directors may only be removed for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast by our stockholders generally in the election of directors. This provision, when coupled with the power of our Board of Directors to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors, precludes stockholders from removing incumbent directors except for cause and upon a substantial affirmative vote and could preclude stockholders from filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders to make nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual or special meeting of our stockholders, which we refer to as the stockholder notice procedure. 
 
 The stockholder notice procedure provides that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by our stockholders at an annual meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or (3) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in our bylaws, including a requirement to provide certain information about the stockholder and the nominee or business proposal, as applicable. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (1) by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or (2) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws, including a requirement to provide certain information about the stockholder and the nominee. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board of Directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and 

the advisability of the other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by the Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our Board of Directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals for action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 
 Authority to Issue Preferred Stock without Stockholder Approval 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our charter permits our Board of Directors to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of capital stock. Our Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have a priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 
 Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Our charter may be amended, altered, changed or repealed, subject to the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, only if advised by our Board of Directors and approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Our charter also provides that the bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered, changed or repealed by our Board of Directors. Any action taken by our stockholders with respect to adopting, amending, altering, changing or repealing our bylaws may be taken only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of our capital stock, voting together as a single class. 
 
 These provisions are intended to make it more difficult for stockholders to circumvent certain other provisions contained in our charter and bylaws, such as those that provide for the classification of our Board of Directors. These provisions, however, also will make it more difficult for stockholders to amend the charter or bylaws without the approval of the Board of Directors, even if a majority of the stockholders deems such amendment to be in the best interests of all stockholders. 
 
 Indemnification and Limitation of Liability of Directors and Officers 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains a provision that eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL requires us (unless our charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits us to indemnify our present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that 
 
 the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty 
 the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or 
 in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 

Under the MGCL, we may not indemnify a director or officer in a suit by us or on our behalf in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to us or in a suit in which the director or officer was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct or was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. However, indemnification for an adverse judgment in a suit by us or on our behalf, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, is limited to expenses. 
 
 In addition, the MGCL permits us to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon our receipt of 
 
 a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by us and 
 a written undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by us if it is ultimately determined that the director or officer did not meet the standard of conduct. 
 
 Our bylaws permit us to advance expenses so long as, in addition to the requirements above, we obtain security for the advance from the director or officer, we obtain insurance against losses arising by reason of lawful advances or we determine that there is reason to believe that the director or officer will be found entitled to indemnification. 
 
 Subject to the 1940 Act, or any valid rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder, our charter obligates us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to any director or officer, whether serving our company or at our request any other entity. Our charter also permits us to indemnify and advance expenses to any employee or agent of our company to the extent authorized by our Board of Directors or the bylaws and permitted by law. 
 
 Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent required by Maryland law or the charter, to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was our director, officer, employee or agent, or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, manager, partner, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise if our Board of Directors determines that such person acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of our company, and, in the case of any criminal action or proceeding, that such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person s conduct was unlawful. However, our bylaws permit us to advance expenses only so long as, in addition to the requirements above, we obtain security for the advance from the director or officer, we obtain insurance against losses arising by reason of lawful advances or we determine that there is reason to believe that the director or officer will be found entitled to indemnification. 
 
 These provisions on indemnification and limitation of liability are subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act that prohibit us from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-14>
 3
 exhibit14fy2024.htm
 EX-14

exhibit14fy2024 

1 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct For Gladstone Capital Corporation Gladstone Commercial Corporation Gladstone Investment Corporation Gladstone Land Corporation Gladstone Alternative Income Fund Gladstone Management Corporation Gladstone Administration LLC Gladstone Securities, LLC and their subsidiaries (UPDATED OCTOBER 8, 2024) I. Core Values: This Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (hereafter referred to as the Code reflects our commitment to our Core Values, our Valued Relationships and to the Standards of Ethics and Business Conduct that support these values and relationships. We expect every employee, officer and director to read and understand this Code and its application to the performance of his or her business responsibilities. We are committed to the highest standards of ethical and professional conduct in all of our business operations, as well as in our interactions with customers, business partners and employees. The following are the values we hold in highest esteem the values that we propose to use as our guide in our quest for excellence and success. To assist and encourage you to apply our Core Values in your day-to-day activities, each Core Value includes amplifying and implementing guidance. A. Golden Rule and Respect a. Following the Golden Rule means we will strive to always do the right thing...the thing we would want others to do to us. b. Treating others the way we would like to be treated is our foundational value and the golden rule is a good summary of our other core values. c. Respect means we respect the rights, opinions and beliefs of others so long as they are consistent with our other core values. Amplifying and implementing guidance: - Be a good listener, encourage diverse opinions and be willing to accept them. - Recognize the achievement of others. 

2 - Don t prejudge another person s qualities or intentions. - Respect confidences. - Recognize each individual s human dignity and value. B. Honesty and Openness a. Honesty means we refuse to lie, cheat, steal or deceive in any way. b. We will never deliberately mislead, or misrepresent the truth. c. We will always to do the legal and fair thing, fulfilling the intent of our commitments and the law. d. Openness means we will be free, forthright and sincere in our discussions, as candid as possible, and will openly share appropriate information in each relationship. Amplifying and implementing guidance: - Be forthright and never use information as a source of power. - Strive for clarity: avoid slippery words. - Focus on issues, not personalities. - Carry no hidden agendas. - Be willing to admit your own mistakes and be tolerant of other s mistakes. C. Integrity a. Integrity means we will refuse to be corrupted or unfaithful to our values. b. We will do what we say we will do, and we will conduct ourselves in accordance with our values and our code of ethics. c. We will always try to do the right thing. d. We will operate within both the letter and the spirit of the law. Amplifying and implementing guidance: - Act and speak ethically. - What you do when no one is looking should agree with your professed ethics. D. Teamwork and Innovation a. Teamwork means working together to achieve our goals and values as a group and not working at cross purposes. b. Innovation means encouraging each other to seek new ways of doing our business to improve our quality and efficiency. Amplifying and implementing guidance: - Acknowledge all co-workers as valuable team members. - Show confidence in the character and truthfulness of others. - Practice solidarity by respecting and supporting team decisions. - Encourage initiative and participation. - Be accountable to the team. - Lead by example. - Recognize that taking and accepting reasonable risks is necessary business conduct. E. Responsibility a. Responsibility means we are morally and legally accountable for our actions. 

3 b. We are determined to do the right thing, and to be good stewards of the things that have been entrusted into our care. Amplifying and implementing guidance: - Accept responsibility for your own mistakes, and give credit to others for their accomplishments. - Keep commitments. F. Loyalty and Hard work a. We will be loyal to our Company and protect its assets and trade secrets. We will be faithful in carrying out our duties. b. We will always work hard and do our best. Amplifying and implementing guidance: - Demand excellence from yourself, and seek and encourage it from others. - Demonstrate a sense of urgency in all that you do. - Our success is directly related to our loyalty to each other and to our company. Always remember that at our companies, your ethical behavior is the ultimate bottom line . We are committed to do what is right even when it does not seem to be profitable, expedient or conventional. We are committed to following the above core values in everything we do that means we will be truthful, ethical, law-abiding, and respectful in all of our dealings with others. II. Our Valued Relationships We will deal fairly and honestly in all of our relationships, treating all our business associates as long-term valued partners. We will operate our business based on the practical application of the Golden Rule, our other values, and all other provisions of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, for the mutual benefit of all our valued relationships. We will strive to be dependable and respectable in all our dealings with our business associates and our employees, value each shareholder and lender to our company, and we will be faithful stewards of their funds. We are committed to providing a work environment where there is no conflict between work and moral or ethical values, or family responsibilities, and where everyone is treated justly and with respect. We have certain relationships that we hold dear and they are: Customers and clients are the reason we are in business. We seek to help our customers and clients to achieve their goals. We know that if we help them reach their goals, they will help us reach our goals too. Employees are the full extent of our company. We are no greater than our employees. Each employee is an integral part of our team. We seek to have the best employees and the best organization to support the growth of each employee. 

4 Shareholders have entrusted us with their assets. We seek to increase the value of those assets. As trustees we will do our best to protect and grow the assets that have been entrusted to us. Suppliers provide us with the things we need to achieve our goals. They have the goods and services we need to grow our business. We will treat each supplier as a valued partner in the growth of our business. Our government is part of our operations. We seek to fulfill the regulatory aspects of our business operations in a timely and accurate manner. Our relationship with God is one that is valued highest. We will do our best to perform in a way that will be pleasing to God. III. Code of Ethics Implementing Guidance and Procedures As with any written guidance, this Code of Ethics may not clearly address every situation you may encounter. If concerns or questions that you have about a course of action are not addressed specifically by this Code, you should ask yourself the following six questions to begin your evaluation process: Ethics Quick Test 1. Is it legal? 2. Would doing it make me feel bad or ashamed in any way? 3. Is it consistent with our Core Values? 4. Would I want my family or friends to read about it in the newspaper? 5. Would failing to act make the situation worse or allow a wrong to continue? 6. Does it follow the Golden Rule set out above? If you still have questions or concerns, do not act until your questions and concerns have been raised and resolved. Our employee handbook, your supervisor, our Chief Compliance Officer CCO and staff (the Compliance Officers or the Ethics Committee are all available to help you. Additionally, if you are not comfortable addressing potential violations of this Code with any of these persons directly, you may also raise your concerns by anonymously contacting Global Compliance Services (See Part V, Section 15 of this Code for contact and other information regarding the compliance resources available to you). If you are aware of a suspected or actual violation of Code standards by others, you have a responsibility to report it. You are expected to promptly notify a Compliance Officer or contact another compliance reporting resource to provide a specific description of the violation that you believe has occurred, including any information you have about the persons involved and the time of the violation. Whether you choose to speak with your supervisor or one of the Compliance 

5 Officers, you should do so without fear of any form of retaliation. We will take prompt disciplinary action against any employee who retaliates against you. Supervisors must promptly report any complaints or observations of Code violations to the CCO. If you believe your supervisor has not taken appropriate action, you should contact one of our Compliance Officers directly. The Compliance Officers will investigate all reported possible Code violations promptly and with the highest degree of confidentiality that is possible under the specific circumstances. Neither you nor your supervisor may conduct any preliminary investigation, unless authorized to do so by the CCO. Your cooperation in the investigation will be expected. As needed, the CCO will consult with the Ethics Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. It is our policy to employ a fair process by which to determine violations of this Code. With respect to any complaints or observations of Code violations that may involve accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing concerns, the CCO shall promptly inform the chair of the Ethics Committee, who will then turn over such information to the Audit Committee or such other persons as the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors determines to be appropriate under the circumstances shall be responsible for supervising and overseeing the inquiry and any investigation that is undertaken. If any investigation indicates that a potential violation of this Code has occurred, we will take such action as we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. Violations of this Code will not be tolerated. Any employee who violates this Code may be subject to disciplinary action, which, depending on the nature of the violation and the history of the employee, may range from a warning or reprimand to and including termination of employment and, in appropriate cases, civil legal action or referral for regulatory enforcement action. Appropriate action may also be taken to deter any future Code violations. IV. Code of Ethics References in this Code to employees are intended to cover all employees including officers and, as applicable, directors. References to our companies mean all the affiliated companies in the Gladstone group of companies, including Gladstone Capital Corporation Gladstone Capital ), Gladstone Commercial Corporation Gladstone Commercial ), Gladstone Investment Corporation Gladstone Investment ), Gladstone Land Corporation Gladstone Land ), Gladstone Alternative Income Fund (the Interval Fund ), Gladstone Management Corporation (the Adviser ), Gladstone Administration LLC (the Administrator ), Gladstone Securities, LLC Gladstone Securities and their subsidiaries. References to Gladstone Capital, Gladstone Commercial, Gladstone Investment, Gladstone Land, the Interval Fund, the Adviser, and the Administrator shall include all subsidiaries of those companies. References to the Board of Directors mean the Boards of Directors of all of the affiliated companies in the Gladstone group of companies, as applicable. References to the Ethics Committee mean the Ethics, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of Gladstone Capital, Gladstone Commercial, Gladstone Land, Gladstone Investment or the Interval Fund, as applicable. 

6 Officers, managers and other supervisors are expected to develop in employees a sense of commitment not only to the letter, but to the spirit of this Code. Supervisors are also expected to ensure that all agents and contractors conform to this Code s standards when working for or on behalf of our companies. The environment regarding compliance with this Code within each supervisor s assigned area of responsibility will be a significant factor in evaluating the quality of that individual s performance. In addition, any employee who makes an exemplary effort to implement and uphold our Core Values, Valued Relationships and Standards of Business Conduct and Ethics will be recognized for that effort in his or her performance review. Nothing in this Code alters the at-will employment policy of our companies. The Code addresses conduct that is particularly important to proper dealings with the people and entities with which we interact, but may not address every aspect of our commitment to honest and ethical conduct. From time to time we may adopt additional policies and procedures with which our employees, officers and directors are expected to comply, if applicable to them. However, it is the responsibility of each employee to apply common sense, together with his or her own highest personal ethical standards, in making business decisions where there is no stated guideline in this Code. Action by members of your immediate family or other persons who live in your household also may potentially result in ethical issues to the extent that they involve our companies business. For example, acceptance of inappropriate gifts by a family member from one of our suppliers or portfolio companies could create a conflict of interest and result in a Code violation attributable to you. Consequently, in complying with this Code, you should consider not only your own conduct, but also that of your immediate family members and other persons who live in your household. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU WILL BE ASKED TO CERTIFY COMPLIANCE WITH THIS CODE ON AN ANNUAL BASIS. THUS, YOU SHOULD NOT HESITATE TO ASK QUESTIONS, VOICE CONCERNS OR CLARIFY GRAY AREAS ABOUT WHETHER ANY CONDUCT MAY VIOLATE THIS CODE. THE APPENDICES CONTAIN RESOURCES AVAILABLE TO YOU TO DETERMINE COMPLIANCE WITH THIS CODE. IN ADDITION, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REPORTING SUSPECTED OR ACTUAL VIOLATIONS OF THIS CODE BY OTHERS. YOU SHOULD BE ALERT TO POSSIBLE VIOLATIONS OF THIS CODE BY OTHERS, AND MUST REPORT SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS, WITHOUT FEAR OF ANY FORM OF RETALIATION, AS FURTHER DESCRIBED IN PART V, SECTION 15 OF THIS CODE. V. Standards of Ethics and Business Conduct Underlying our Core Values, described in Part I above, is our commitment to maintain the highest standards of ethics and business conduct. 1. Honest and Ethical Conduct It is the policy of our companies to promote high standards of integrity by conducting our affairs in an honest and ethical manner. The integrity and reputation of our companies depends on 

7 the honesty, fairness and integrity brought to the job by each person associated with us. Unyielding personal integrity is the foundation of corporate integrity. 2. Legal Compliance Obeying the law, both in letter and in spirit, is the foundation of this Code. Our success depends upon each employee s operating within legal guidelines and cooperating with local, national and international authorities. We expect employees to understand the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to their business units and areas of responsibility. We hold periodic training sessions to ensure that all employees comply with this Code, the compliance policies and procedures of our companies, and other relevant laws, rules and regulations associated with their employment. While we do not expect you to know every detail of these laws, rules and regulations, we expect you to be familiar with this Code and our compliance policies and procedures, so that you are able to determine when to seek advice from others. If you do have a question in the area of legal compliance, it is important that you not hesitate to seek answers from your supervisor or one of the Compliance Officers (see Section 15 of this Part IV below for more information about the Compliance Officers). Disregard of the law will not be tolerated. Violation of domestic or foreign laws, rules and regulations may subject an individual, as well as our companies, to civil or criminal penalties. You should be aware that conduct and records, including emails, are subject to internal and external audits and to discovery by third parties in the event of a government investigation or civil litigation. It is in everyone s best interest to know and comply with our legal obligations. 3. Insider Trading Employees who have access to confidential (or inside information are not permitted to use or share that information for stock trading purposes or for any other purpose except to conduct our business. All non-public information about our companies or about companies with which we do business is considered confidential information. To use material non-public information in connection with buying or selling securities, including tipping others who might make an investment decision on the basis of this information, is not only unethical, it is illegal. You must exercise the utmost care when handling material inside information. The Company s Insider Trading Policy (the Trading Policy ), which is attached to this Code as Appendix A and is incorporated by reference into this Code, has been instituted to help you avoid prohibited insider trading, and to ensure that our companies comply with the separate requirements of Rules 17j-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and 204A of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. All employees are expected to understand and comply with all Trading Policy provisions applicable to them. The Trading Policy addresses detailed legal provisions of the Act and imposes requirements, and in some cases, restrictions, on certain securities trades that you may wish to make. The Trading Policy contains provisions that require you to obtain pre-clearance for all investments in any initial public offering, and for securities trades for which you may have insider information, especially the Gladstone Funds. To request pre-clearance of a securities transaction, 

8 you should complete Schedule A (for limited offering transactions) or schedule B (for transactions involving Gladstone Funds) of the attached Appendix A and forward it to our CCO. The Trading Policy also requires all employees to provide certain reports of their holdings or transactions in certain securities. The particular reports you will be required to provide are described more fully in the Trading Policy. If you have questions regarding the requirements or compliance procedures under the Trading Policy, or if you don t know whether your situation requires pre-clearance or reporting, you should contact one of our Compliance Officers. 4. International Business Laws You are expected to comply with the applicable laws in all countries to which you travel, in which we operate and where we otherwise do business, including laws prohibiting bribery, corruption or the conduct of business with specified individuals, companies or countries. The fact that, in some countries, certain laws are not enforced or that violation of those laws is not subject to public criticism will not be accepted as an excuse for noncompliance. In addition, we expect you to comply with U.S. laws, rules and regulations governing the conduct of business by its citizens and corporations outside the U.S. If you have a question as to whether an activity is restricted or prohibited, seek assistance before taking any action, including giving any verbal assurances that might be regulated by international laws. 5. Environmental Compliance It is our policy to conduct our business in an environmentally responsible way that minimizes environmental impacts. We are committed to minimizing and, if practicable, eliminating the use of any substance or material that may cause environmental damage, reducing waste generation and disposing of all waste through safe and responsible methods, minimizing environmental risks by employing safe technologies and operating procedures, and being prepared to respond appropriately to accidents and emergencies. 6. Conflicts of Interest We respect the rights of our employees to manage their personal affairs and investments and do not wish to impinge on their personal lives. At the same time, you should avoid conflicts of interest that occur when your personal interests may interfere in any way with the performance of your duties or the best interests of our companies. A conflicting personal interest could result from an expectation of personal gain now or in the future or from a need to satisfy a prior or concurrent personal obligation. We expect you to be free from influences that conflict with the best interests of our companies, or might deprive our companies of your undivided loyalty in business dealings. Even the appearance of a conflict of interest where none actually exists can be damaging and should be avoided. Whether or not a conflict of interest exists or will exist can be unclear. If you have any questions about a potential conflict or if you become aware of an actual or potential conflict, and you are not an officer or director of one of our companies, you should 

9 discuss the matter with your supervisor or with one of our Compliance Officers. Supervisors may not authorize conflict of interest matters or make determinations as to whether a problematic conflict of interest exists without first seeking the approval of the CCO and providing the CCO with a written description of the activity. If the supervisor is involved in the potential or actual conflict, you should discuss the matter directly with the CCO. Officers and directors may seek authorizations and determinations from the Ethics Committee of the Board of Directors. Factors that may be considered in evaluating a potential conflict of interest are, among others: whether it may interfere with the employee s job performance, responsibilities or morale; whether the employee has access to confidential information; whether it may interfere with the job performance, responsibilities or morale of others within the organization; any potential adverse or beneficial impact on our business; any potential adverse or beneficial impact on our relationships with our customers or suppliers or other service providers; whether it would enhance or support a competitor s position; the extent to which it would result in financial or other benefit (direct or indirect) to the employee; the extent to which it would result in financial or other benefit (direct or indirect) to one of our customers, suppliers or other service providers; and the extent to which it would appear improper to an outside observer. Although no list can include every possible situation in which a conflict of interest could arise, the following are examples of situations that may, depending on the facts and circumstances, involve problematic conflicts of interests: Employment by (including consulting for) or service on the board of a competitor, customer or supplier or other service provider. Activity that enhances or supports the position of a competitor to the detriment of one or more of our companies is prohibited, including employment by or service on the board of a competitor. Employment by or service on the board of a customer or supplier or other service provider is generally discouraged and you must seek authorization in advance if you plan to take such a position. Owning, directly or indirectly, a significant financial interest in any entity that does business, seeks to do business or competes with us. In addition to the factors described above, persons evaluating ownership in other entities for conflicts of interest will consider the size and nature of the investment; the nature of the relationship between the other entity 

10 and any one of our companies; the employee s access to confidential information and the employee s ability to influence one of our companies decisions. If you would like to acquire a financial interest of any kind, you must seek written approval in advance from the CCO. Soliciting or accepting gifts, favors, loans or preferential treatment from any person or entity that does business or seeks to do business with us. See Section 10 for further discussion of the issues involved in this type of conflict. Soliciting contributions to any charity or for any political candidate from any person or entity that does business or seeks to do business with us. Taking personal advantage of corporate opportunities. See Section 7 for further discussion of the issues involved in this type of conflict. Working at a second job without permission. Conducting business transactions between any one of our companies and your family member or a business in which you or a family member has a significant financial interest. Material related-party transactions must be approved by the Audit Committee and the Ethics Committee and, if that activity involves any executive officer or director, that activity will be required to be publicly disclosed as required by applicable laws and regulations. Loans to, or guarantees of obligations of, employees or their family members by our companies could constitute an improper personal benefit to the recipients of these loans or guarantees, depending on the facts and circumstances. Some loans are expressly prohibited by law and applicable law requires that our Board of Directors approve all loans and guarantees to employees. As a result, all loans and guarantees by our companies must be approved in advance by the Board of Directors. 7. Corporate Opportunities. You may not take personal advantage of the opportunities of our companies that are presented to you or discovered by you as a result of your position with us or through your use of corporate property or information, unless authorized by the Board of Directors. Even opportunities that are acquired privately by you may be questionable if they are related to our existing or proposed lines of business. Significant participation in an investment or outside business opportunity that is directly related to our lines of business must be pre-approved by the board of directors of our company that is affected. You may not use your position with us or corporate property or information for improper personal gain, nor should you compete with us in any way. 8. Maintenance of Corporate Books, Records, Documents and Accounts; Financial Integrity; Public Reporting 

11 The integrity of our records and public disclosure depends upon the validity, accuracy and completeness of the information supporting the entries to our books of account. Therefore, our corporate and business records should be completed accurately and honestly. The making of false or misleading entries, whether they relate to financial results or test results, is strictly prohibited. Our records serve as a basis for managing our business and are important in meeting our obligations to customers, suppliers, creditors, employees and others with whom we do business. As a result, it is important that our books, records and accounts accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail, our assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, as well as all transactions and changes in assets and liabilities. We require that: no entry be made in our books and records that intentionally hides or disguises the nature of any transaction or of any of our liabilities or misclassifies any transactions as to accounts or accounting periods; transactions be supported by appropriate documentation; the terms of sales and other commercial transactions be reflected accurately in the documentation for those transactions and all such documentation be reflected accurately in our books and records; employees comply with our system of internal controls; and no cash or other assets be maintained for any purpose in any unrecorded or off-the-books fund. Our accounting records are also relied upon to produce reports for our management, stockholders and creditors, as well as for governmental agencies. In particular, we rely upon our accounting and other business and corporate records in preparing the periodic and current reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Securities laws require that these reports provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure and fairly present our financial condition and results of operations. Employees who collect, provide or analyze information for or otherwise contribute in any way in preparing or verifying these reports should strive to ensure that our financial disclosure is accurate and transparent and that our reports contain all of the information about the Gladstone group of companies that would be important to enable stockholders and potential investors to assess the soundness and risks of our business and finances and the quality and integrity of our accounting and disclosures. In addition: no employee may take or authorize any action that would intentionally cause our financial records or financial disclosure to fail to comply with generally accepted accounting principles, the rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable laws, rules and regulations; all employees must cooperate fully with our Accounting Department and, when one is established, Internal Auditing Departments, as well as our independent public accountants and counsel, respond to their questions with candor and provide them with complete and 

12 accurate information to help ensure that our books and records, as well as our reports filed with the SEC, are accurate and complete; and no employee should knowingly make (or cause or encourage any other person to make) any false or misleading statement in any of our reports filed with the SEC or knowingly omit (or cause or encourage any other person to omit) any information necessary to make the disclosure in any of our reports accurate in all material respects. Any employee who becomes aware of any departure from these standards has a responsibility to report his or her knowledge promptly to a supervisor, a Compliance Officer, the Audit Committee or one of the other compliance resources described in Section 15. 9. Fair Dealing We strive to outperform our competition fairly and honestly. Advantages over our competitors are to be obtained through superior performance of our products and services, not through unethical or illegal business practices. Acquiring proprietary information from others through improper means, possessing trade secret information that was improperly obtained, or inducing improper disclosure of confidential information from past or present employees of other companies is prohibited, even if motivated by an intention to advance our interests. If information is obtained by mistake that may constitute a trade secret or other confidential information of another business, or if you have any questions about the legality of proposed information gathering, you must consult your supervisor or one of our Compliance Officers, as further described in Section 15. You are expected to deal fairly with our customers, suppliers, employees and anyone else with whom you have contact in the course of performing your job. Be aware that the Federal Trade Commission Act provides that unfair methods of competition in commerce, and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in commerce, are declared unlawful. It is a violation of this Act to engage in deceptive, unfair or unethical practices and to make misrepresentations in connection with sales activities. Employees involved in procurement have a special responsibility to adhere to principles of fair competition in the purchase of products and services by selecting suppliers based exclusively on normal commercial considerations, such as quality, cost, availability, service and reputation, and not on the receipt of special favors. 10. Gifts and Entertainment Business gifts and entertainment are meant to create goodwill and sound working relationships and not to gain improper advantage with customers or facilitate approvals from government officials. The exchange, as a normal business courtesy, of meals or entertainment (such as tickets to a game or the theatre or a round of golf) is a common and acceptable practice as long as it is not extravagant. Unless express written permission is received from a supervisor, the CCO or the Ethics Committee, gifts and entertainment cannot be offered, provided or accepted by any employee unless consistent with customary business practices and not (a) of more than 

13 token or nominal monetary value, (b) in cash, (c) susceptible of being construed as a bribe or kickback, (d) made or received on a regular or frequent basis or (e) in violation of any laws. This principle applies to our transactions everywhere in the world, even where the practice is widely considered a way of doing business. Employees should not accept gifts or entertainment that may reasonably be deemed to affect their judgment or actions in the performance of their duties. Our customers, suppliers and the public at large should know that our employees judgment is not for sale. 11. Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets All employees are expected to protect our assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on our profitability. Our property, such as office supplies, computer equipment, buildings and products, are expected to be used only for legitimate business purposes, although incidental personal use may be permitted. You may not, however, use our corporate name, any brand name or trademark owned or associated with our companies or any letterhead stationery for any personal purpose. We each have personal responsibility to guard and ensure the security of our information systems and data. Our employees will exercise reasonable cyber security awareness by managing their access to our equipment, systems and information/data assets with the utmost care, confidentiality and professionalism. These assets are intended to advance the success of the company. Our assets include facilities, equipment, computers and information systems, smartphones, information and data assets. Protect company assets from loss or harm. Don t appropriate, borrow or loan company assets without permission. Use care when transferring confidential information via email. Use care when transferring confidential information onto a portable storage device such as a memory stick. Keep computer equipment safe and secure at all times and protect your user IDs and passwords. Keep confidential and proprietary information safe and secure. Exercise cyber security by looking after our intellectual property and be vigilant of potential attempts (ex., phishing/spam/fraudulent emails, unusual system activity, etc.) to breach our computer systems by notifying compliance, resource management, or our IT service when suspicion arises. You may not, while acting on behalf of our companies or while using our computing or communications equipment or facilities, either: Permit an external entity to access our computer systems without authorization from compliance or resource management; or 

14 access the internal computer system (also known as hacking or other resource of another entity without express written authorization from the entity responsible for operating that resource; or if you receive authorization to access another entity s internal computer system or other resource, you must make a permanent record of that authorization so that it may be retrieved for future reference, and you may not exceed the scope of that authorization; or commit any unlawful or illegal act, including harassment, libel, fraud, sending of unsolicited bulk email (also known as spam in violation of applicable law, trafficking in contraband of any kind or espionage. Unsolicited bulk email is regulated by law in a number of jurisdictions. If you intend to send unsolicited bulk email to persons outside of our companies, either while acting on our behalf or using our computing or communications equipment or facilities, you should contact your supervisor or the CCO for approval. All data residing on or transmitted through our computing and communications facilities, including email and word processing documents, is the property of our companies and subject to inspection, retention and review by us, with or without an employee s or third party s knowledge, consent or approval, in accordance with applicable law. Any misuse or suspected misuse of our assets must be immediately reported to your supervisor or a Compliance Officer. 12. Confidentiality One of our most important assets is our confidential information. As an employee of our companies, you may learn of information about our business that is confidential and proprietary. You also may learn of information before that information is released to the general public. Employees who have received or have access to confidential information should take care to keep this information confidential. Confidential information includes non-public information that might be of use to competitors or harmful to our companies or its customers if disclosed, such as business, marketing and service plans, financial information, product architecture, source codes, designs, databases, customer lists, pricing strategies, personnel data, personally identifiable information pertaining to our employees, customers or other individuals, and similar types of information provided to us by our customers, suppliers and partners. This information may be protected by patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws. In addition, because we interact with other companies and organizations, there may be times when you learn confidential information about other companies before that information has been made available to the public. You must treat this information in the same manner as you are required to treat our confidential and proprietary information. There may even be times when you must treat as confidential the fact that we have an interest in, or are involved with, another company. You are expected to keep confidential and proprietary information confidential unless and until that information is released to the public through approved channels (usually through a press 

15 release, an SEC filing or a formal communication from a member of senior management, as further described in Section 13). Every employee has a duty to refrain from disclosing to any person confidential or proprietary information about us or any other company learned in the course of employment here, until that information is disclosed to the public through approved channels. This policy requires you to refrain from discussing confidential or proprietary information with outsiders and even with other of our companies employees, unless those fellow employees have a legitimate need to know the information in order to perform their job duties. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information could also be illegal and result in civil liability or criminal penalties. You should also take care not to inadvertently disclose confidential information. Materials that contain confidential information, such as memos, notebooks, computer disks and laptop computers, should be stored securely. Unauthorized posting or discussion of any information concerning our business, information or prospects on the Internet is prohibited. You may not discuss our business, information or prospects in any chat room, regardless of whether you use your own name or a pseudonym. Be cautious when discussing sensitive information in public places like elevators, airports, restaurants and quasi-public areas within the Gladstone group of companies. All our companies emails, voicemails and other communications are presumed confidential and should not be forwarded or otherwise disseminated outside of our companies, except where required for legitimate business purposes. In addition to the above responsibilities, if you are handling information protected by any privacy policy published by us, such as our website privacy policy, then you must handle that information in accordance with the applicable policy. 13. Media and Public Discussions It is our policy to disclose material information concerning our companies to the public only through specific limited channels to avoid inappropriate publicity and to ensure that all those with an interest in the company will have equal access to information. All inquiries or calls from the press and financial analysts should be referred to the Chief Executive Officer CEO or our Investor Relations Manager. We have designated our CEO as our official spokesperson for financial matters. We have designated the President of one of our companies or our Chief Investment Officer CIO as our official spokesperson for marketing, and other related information. Unless a specific exception has been made by the CEO, these designees are the only people who may communicate with the press on behalf of our companies. In addition, our compliance policies and procedures require that communications of this nature, including advertisements, presentations or speeches and website content, be reviewed by the CCO. You also may not provide any information to the media about us off the record, for background, confidentially or secretly. 14. Waivers Any waiver of this Code for executive officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller (or persons performing similar 

16 functions) or directors may be authorized only by the Board of Directors of our companies, and will be disclosed to stockholders as required by applicable laws, rules and regulations. 15. Compliance Standards and Procedures Compliance Resources; Compliance Officers To facilitate compliance with this Code, we have implemented a program of Code awareness, training and review. We have designated our CCO to oversee this program. The CCO will have staff to assist in oversight of the program. The Compliance Officers are persons to whom you can address any questions or concerns. Please contact your manager or the head of Human Resources to determine who has been appointed as a Compliance Officer. In addition to fielding questions or concerns with respect to potential violations of this Code, the CCO is responsible for: investigating possible violations of this Code; training new employees in Code policies; conducting annual training sessions to refresh employees familiarity with this Code; reviewing all personal securities transactions and holdings reports required by Appendix A to this Code; distributing this Code by hard copy or by email to each employee upon initial hire and annually thereafter, and upon any amendment of this Code, and requiring written acknowledgement of the receipt of this Code and any such amendments as a reminder that each employee is responsible for reading, understanding and complying with this Code; updating this Code as needed and alerting employees to any updates, with appropriate approval of the Ethics Committee, to reflect changes in the law, our companies operations and in recognized best practices, and to reflect our companies experience; and otherwise promoting an atmosphere of responsible and ethical conduct. Your most immediate resource for any matter related to this Code is your supervisor. He or she may have the information you need or may be able to refer the question to another appropriate source. There may, however, be times when you prefer not to go to your supervisor. In these instances, you should feel free to discuss your concern with a Compliance Officer. If you are uncomfortable speaking with a Compliance Officer because he or she works in your department or is one of your supervisors, please contact a member of the Ethics Committee. You may also report violations directly to members of the Ethics Committee by either sending a letter to Global Compliance Services, 13950 Ballantyne Corporate Place, Suite 300, Charlotte, NC 28277 or by calling our companies toll-free hotline run by Global Compliance Services at 1-888-475-4914 and speaking with a representative who will transmit the information to the Ethics Committee. The 

17 Ethics Committee will pass on to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors all information related to complaints or observations that involve accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing concerns. You may call the toll-free number anonymously if you prefer as it is not equipped with caller identification, although Global Compliance Services will be unable to obtain follow-up details from you that may be necessary to investigate the matter. Whether you identify yourself or remain anonymous, your telephonic contact with Global Compliance Services through the toll- free number will be kept strictly confidential to the extent reasonably possible within the objectives of this Code. 16. Amendments and Modifications This Code of Ethics and Business Conduct may not be amended or modified except in a written form which is specifically approved by majority vote of the independent directors of the applicable entities. This Code of Ethics and Business Conduct was adopted by the Board of Directors of Gladstone Capital, Gladstone Investment, Gladstone Land, Gladstone Commercial and the Interval Fund, including the independent directors, on January 28, 2013. 17. Pay to Play Policy In light of recent scandals involving public pension plans and the practice of making campaign contributions to elected officials in order to influence the awarding of lucrative contracts for the management of public pension plan assets and similar government investment accounts, so-called pay to play, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted Rule 206(4)-5 amending the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (hereinafter Rule 206(4)-5 or the Rule prohibiting investment advisors from receiving compensation for advisory services rendered to a public pension plan or other government investment account if certain political contributions are made by the adviser, or certain of its executives and employees. The Rule covers, among other things, all direct contributions made to incumbent state or local officials, or candidates for state or local office, direct contributions to state or local political party committees, and indirect contributions such as in-kind contributions, and soliciting or coordinating contributions. Rule 206(4)-5 applies to the Adviser because it is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to Gladstone Securities because it is a registered broker dealer soliciting Government Entities on behalf of the Adviser.1 Although the Adviser may not 1 The Rule makes it unlawful for any investment adviser subject to the Rule or any of the adviser s covered associates to make direct or indirect payment to any person to solicit government clients for investment advisory services on the investment adviser s behalf unless the solicitor is subject to prohibitions against participating in pay to play practices and subject to oversight by the Securities and Exchange Commission or a registered national securities association 

18 currently be providing advisory services to a public pension plan or other government investment account, the Rule has a two year look back provision which could impact the ability of the Adviser to provide such services in the coming years. This policy is being adopted to avoid inadvertent violations of the Rule which would result in loss of business for the Adviser. Any questions regarding this policy or activities discussed herein should be directed to the CCO or his designee. Please refer to Appendix B for further information. such as FINRA. The SEC adopted this Rule to prevent a third party placement agent from being used as an indirect means of making political contributions on the investment s advisers behalf. Under the Rule, FINRA s rules must be at least as restrictive as Rule 206(4)-5 for a broker dealer to be able to solicit government clients on the investment adviser s behalf. While Gladstone Securities is not a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, any contributions made by a Covered Associate of Gladstone Securities could be deemed to have been made by the Adviser, thus prohibiting the Adviser from providing investment advisory services to the applicable Government Entity. Likewise, contributions made by a newly hired employee prior to his or her employment at the Adviser or Gladstone Securities could be deemed to have been made by the Adviser, triggering the prohibitions on the Adviser providing advisory services to a Government Entity. 

Appendix A-1 Appendix A Insider Trading Policy For Gladstone Capital Corporation Gladstone Commercial Corporation Gladstone Investment Corporation Gladstone Land Corporation Gldastone Alternative Income Fund Gladstone Management Corporation Gladstone Administration LLC Gladstone Securities, LLC and their subsidiaries This Insider Trading Policy (the Policy has been adopted to comply with Rules 17j-l under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act and 204A under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act (the Rules ). The Policy establishes standards and procedures designed to address conflicts of interest and detect and prevent abuse of fiduciary duty by persons with knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of Gladstone Management Corporation (the Adviser ), Gladstone Administration LLC (the Administrator ), Gladstone Securities, LLC, Gladstone Capital Corporation, Gladstone Commercial Corporation, Gladstone Investment Corporation, Gladstone Land Corporation, Gladstone Alternative Income Fund, their subsidiaries, and other funds managed and administered by the Adviser and the Administrator (collectively, the Funds ). THIS POLICY WAS ORIGINALLY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO AND MADE A PART OF THE CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT ADOPTED BY THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS OF THE ADVISER AND THE FUNDS ON OCTOBER 11, 2005 (THE CODE OF ETHICS ). ANY VIOLATION OF THIS POLICY IS SUBJECT TO SANCTIONS DESCRIBED IN THE CODE OF ETHICS. (a) General Policy (i) It is the policy of the Adviser, the Administrator and the Funds to oppose the unauthorized disclosure of any non-public information acquired in the workplace and the misuse of Material Non-public Information in securities trading. It is also the policy of the Adviser, the Administrator and the Funds to restrict trading of the Fund s securities in a manner that minimizes the possibility of any unintentional violation of the securities laws. We have adopted several specific restrictions, outlined in this Policy, to effect the Company s general policy. 

Appendix A-2 (ii) This Policy acknowledges the general principles that officers, directors and employees of the Adviser, the Administrator, the Funds or any other company in a Control relationship to the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds, referred to in this Policy as Covered Persons, (A) owe a fiduciary obligation to the Funds, the Administrator and the Adviser; (B) have the duty at all times to protect the interests of stockholders; (C) must conduct all personal securities transactions in such a manner as to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest or abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility; and (D) should not take inappropriate advantage of their positions in relation to the Funds, the Administrator or the Adviser. In recognition of the relationship between Covered Persons and members of their immediate family sharing a household with the Covered Person and entities whose investment decisions are influenced or controlled by such individuals, this Policy also applies to such persons, who are referred to in this Policy as Insiders. (iii) The Rules make it unlawful for Covered Persons to engage in conduct which is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or which involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of securities by an investment company. Accordingly, under the Rules and this Policy no Covered Person shall use any information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Funds, or his or her ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Funds. In addition, the Rules and this Policy also contain additional restrictions for Covered Persons who are involved in or have access to information regarding securities recommendations made to the Funds, referred to in this Policy as Access Persons. (iv) Generally speaking, the restrictions in this Policy are time-based, to take account of events we know will occur on a regular basis, such as quarterly earnings releases, and circumstance-based, to address situations where information such as anticipated significant investment transactions, securities offerings, or any other such information that would likely affect the price of the Funds securities, is not yet known to the general public. (b) Definitions. For purposes of this Policy, (i) Access Person means any officer, employee director or managing director of the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds, or any other company in a Control relationship to the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds who is involved in or has access to information regarding securities recommendations made to the Funds. (ii) Administrative Officer means the CCO of the Relevant Fund, or, if the CCO of the Relevant Fund is not available, then the General Counsel of the Relevant Fund, or if the CCO and General Counsel of the Relevant Fund are not available, then the Chief Financial Officer of the Relevant Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the pre-clearance of a Covered Transaction within the meaning of Section (b)(viii)(2) below, Administrative Officer means the CCO of the Adviser, or, if the CCO of the Adviser is not available, then the General Counsel of the Adviser, or if the CCO and General Counsel of the Adviser are not available, then the Chief Financial Officer of the Adviser. 

Appendix A-3 (iii) Beneficial Interest means any interest by which a Covered Person or any member of his or her Immediate Family, can directly or indirectly derive a monetary benefit from the purchase, sale (or other acquisition or disposition) or ownership of a Security, except such interests as Clearing Officers (defined below) shall determine to be too remote for the purpose of this Policy. (A transaction in which a Covered Person acquires or disposes of a Security in which he or she has or thereby acquires a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest is sometimes referred to in this Code of Ethics as a personal securities transaction or as a transaction for the person s own account ). (iv) CCO means Chief Compliance Officer, as duly appointed. (v) Control means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company (unless such power is solely the result of an official position with such company). Any person who owns beneficially, directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 of the voting securities of a company shall be presumed to control such company. For purposes of this Policy, natural persons and portfolio companies of the Funds shall be presumed not to be controlled persons. (vi) Covered Person means any officer, director or employee of the Adviser, the Administrator, the Funds or any other company in a Control relationship to the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds, but does not include portfolio companies of the Funds. (vii) Covered Security includes any Fund Securities and all debt obligations, stock and other instruments comprising the investments of the Funds, including any warrant or option to acquire or sell a security and financial futures contracts, but excludes securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies, bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and shares of a mutual Company. References to a Covered Security in this Policy shall include any warrant for, option in, or security convertible into that Covered Security. (viii) Covered Transaction means any of the following transactions: (1) A transaction in which such Covered Person knows or should know at the time of entering into the transaction that: (i) any of the Funds has engaged in a transaction in the same Security within the last 180 days, or is engaging in a transaction or is going to engage in a transaction in the same Security in the next 180 days; or (ii) the Adviser has within the last 180 days considered a transaction in the same Security for any of the Funds or is considering such a transaction in the Security or within the next 180 days is going to consider such a transaction in the Security; (2) a transaction that involves the direct or indirect acquisition of Securities in an initial public offering or Limited Offering of any issuer; or (3) a transaction in any Fund Security. 

Appendix A-4 (ix) Fund Security means any security issued by any of the Funds. References to a Fund Security in this Policy shall include any warrant for, option in, or security convertible into that Fund Security. (x) Immediate Family includes any children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, grandparents, spouses, siblings, mothers-in-law, fathers-in-law, sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, brothers-in-law, or sisters-in-law, including adoptive relationships, who live in the same household. (xi) Independent Officer means an officer of the Relevant Fund other than the Administrative Officer who is not a party to the transaction or a relative of a party to the transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of the pre-clearance of a Covered Transaction within the meaning of Section (b)(viii)(2) below, Independent Officer means an officer of the Adviser other than the Administrative Officer who is not a party to the transaction or a relative of a party to the transaction. (xii) Insiders means Covered Persons, their Immediate Family and entities whose investment decisions are influenced or controlled by such individuals. (xiii) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under Sections 4(2) or 4(6) of, or Regulation D under, the Securities Act of 1933. Limited Offerings may include, among other things, limited partnership or limited liability company interests, or other Securities purchased through private placements. (xiv) Loan Officer means an Access Person who is responsible for making decisions as to Securities to be bought or sold for the Funds portfolio. (xv) Non-Access Person means any employee of the Adviser, the Administrator, the Funds, or any other company in a Control relationship to the Adviser or the Funds, which employee is not an Access Person. (xvi) Relevant Fund means the Fund to which the relevant Covered Securities relate. (xvii) A Security held or to be acquired by the Funds means any Security which, within the most recent 180 days is or has been held by the Funds or is being or has been considered for purchase by the Funds. (xviii) A Security is being considered for purchase or sale from the time an amendment letter is signed by or on behalf of the Funds until the closing with respect to that Security is completed or aborted. (xix) Security means any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional 

Appendix A-5 undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security , or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. (xx) Trading Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Global Market is open for trading. A Trading Day begins at the time trading begins on such day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for that quarter. (c) Material Non-public Information. Material Non-public Information means any information that a reasonable investor would likely consider important in a decision to buy, hold or sell Covered Securities that has not already been disclosed generally to the public. Either positive or negative information may be material. (i) Materiality. While it may be difficult to determine whether particular information is material, there are various categories of information that are particularly sensitive and, as a general rule, should always be considered material. Examples of such information include, but are not limited to: (1) a Fund s financial results, (2) known but unannounced large deviations in planned future earnings or losses, (3) execution or termination of significant investment transactions, (4) news of a pending or proposed merger or other acquisition, (5) changes in a Fund s dividend rate or dividend policy, (6) news of the disposition, construction or acquisition of significant assets, (7) impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems, (8) significant developments involving corporate relationships, (9) new equity or debt offerings, (10) security buyback programs, (11) positive or negative developments in significant outstanding litigation, (12) significant litigation exposure due to actual or threatened litigation, (13) significant changes to existing debt facilities and (14) major changes in senior management. (ii) Non-public. Information about the Adviser, the Administrator and the Funds that is not yet in general circulation should be considered non-public. It is important to note that information is not necessarily public merely because it has been discussed in the press, which will sometimes report rumors. All information that a Covered Person learns about the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds or their business plans in connection with his or her employment is non-public information unless you can point to its official release by the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds in a press release, a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or a publicly available webcast or similar broadcast sponsored by the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds. If you are considering engaging in a Covered Transaction and have any question as to whether information of which you are aware has been made public, contact the CCO of the Relevant Fund. (d) Specific Requirements for Trading in Fund Securities (i) Trading Window. Except as permitted in Section (e)(iii) of this Policy, Insiders may only conduct transactions involving the purchase or sale of a Fund Security during 

Appendix A-6 the period commencing at the open of the market on the third Trading Day following the date of the Relevant Fund s filing of its Form 10-Q or 10-K for the most recently completed fiscal period and continuing until the close of the market on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day prior to the last day of the fiscal quarter (the Trading Window ), after which time the Trading Window will be closed until it re-opens on the third Trading Day following the date of filing of the Form 10-Q or 10-K for the subsequent period. Notwithstanding anything in this Policy to the contrary, in certain special circumstances involving a high level of market volatility, Insiders may conduct transactions involving the purchase or sale of a Fund Security outside the Trading Window, but not later than the last day of the fiscal quarter, provided that each such trade complies with the pre-clearance procedures outlined in Section (e)(i) of this Policy and is also approved in advance by the Relevant Fund s Chief Executive Officer or President who is not placing the particular trade. In the event that the Insider and the Relevant Fund s Chief Executive Officer and President are the same person, he or she must receive the approval of the Chief Operating Officer. In special circumstances, when insiders may have Material Non-public information, the CCO, General Counsel or the Chief Financial Officer of the Relevant Fund may, upon the concurrence of any two of such persons, close or open Trading Window or prevent a scheduled Trading Window from opening as originally scheduled. Upon determination that any such information no longer constitutes Material Non-public Information, the CCO, General Counsel or Chief Financial Officer of the Relevant Fund may, upon the concurrence of any two of such persons, re-open a Trading Window. (ii) Reserved. (iii) No Safe Harbor for Possession of Material Non-Public Information. Regardless of whether the Trading Window is open, the Funds and Insiders may not trade in Fund Securities while in possession of any Material Non-public Information (with the exception of trades pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans established in accordance with this Policy). Trading in Fund Securities during the Trading Window should not be considered a safe harbor from liability, and all Insiders should use good judgment at all times. (iv) Limit Orders. The prohibition against trading during the closed Trading Windows encompasses the fulfillment of limit orders (often referred to as good until canceled orders by any broker with whom any such limit order is placed. Any unfilled limit orders in Fund Securities must be immediately canceled whenever (A) a Trading Window closes, including upon the imposition of a special circumstances closed Trading Window, or (B) the Insider comes into possession of Material Non-public Information. (v) Short Sales and Derivative Securities. No Insiders shall engage in a short sale of any Fund Security. A short sale is a sale of securities not owned by the seller or, if owned, not delivered against such sale within 20 days thereafter. In addition, trading in options to buy or sell Fund Securities (including put or call options), warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation rights, or other similar rights with an exercise or conversion privilege at a price related to an equity security or with a value derived from the value of an equity security relating to a Fund Security (collectively, Derivative Securities ), whether or not issued by the Funds, such as 

Appendix A-7 exchange-traded options, are prohibited. Short sales and Derivative Security trading are prohibited by this Policy even when the Trading Window is open. (vi) Other Prohibited Activities. In addition, no Covered Person shall, directly or indirectly in connection with the purchase or sale of a security held or to be acquired (as defined in Section (b)(xvii) of this Policy) by the Funds: (a) employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Funds; or (b) make to the Funds or the Adviser any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state to any of the foregoing a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; or (c) engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Funds; or (d) engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Funds. In addition, no Fund shall, directly or indirectly in connection with the purchase or sale of its securities: (a) employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud; or (b) make any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state to any of the foregoing a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; or (c) engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person. (e) Pre-Clearance of Covered Transactions (i) Pre-Clearance of Transactions in Fund Securities. Except for transactions that are exempted under Section (e)(iii) below, all Covered Persons must obtain pre- clearance for any transactions in Fund Securities using the following procedures: (1) From Whom Obtained. Before any Insider engages in any transaction in Fund Securities, the relevant Covered Person must pre-clear the proposed transaction with the Administrative Officer (the CCO of the Relevant Fund, or, if the CCO of the Relevant Fund is not available, then the General Counsel of the Relevant Fund, or if the CCO and General Counsel of the Relevant Fund are not available, then the Chief Financial Officer of the Relevant Fund). Until the Administrative Officer provides pre-clearance for the proposed transaction, such Insider shall not execute the proposed transaction. The Administrative Officer may consult management and counsel in reviewing and pre-clearing transactions, although the primary responsibility to assess whether a proposed transaction complies with this Policy and applicable law will lie with the Covered Person. (2) Pre-clearance Period. The Covered Person will have until the end of fourteen (14) calendar days following the day pre-clearance is received, or until such earlier time that the Trading Window closes or the Insider comes into possession of Material Non-Public Information, to execute the transaction. If for any reason the transaction is not completed within this period of time, pre-clearance must be re-obtained from the Administrative Officer. Execution of a trade shall include the actual sale or purchase, rather than simply placing of an order to do so. (3) Form. To initiate pre-clearance, you must contact the Administrative Officer in person, by phone, or email. After discussing the proposed trade, pre- clearance can be obtained by (i) completing and signing Schedule B, and obtaining the approval 

Appendix A-8 and signature of the Administrative Officer; or (ii) responding affirmatively to an email sent by the Administrative Officer containing all the required information of Schedule B and receiving a reply email from the Administrative Officer indicating such approval. Schedule B may be amended from time to time by the CCO of the Relevant Fund, with the permission of the Chairman of the Ethics Committee of the Relevant Fund. The Administrative Officer is the CCO of the Relevant Fund, or, if the CCO is not available, then the General Counsel of the Relevant Fund, or if the CCO and General Counsel are not available, then the CFO of the Relevant Fund. (4) Filing. A copy of all completed pre-clearance forms, with all required signatures (or, as applicable, email correspondence), shall be retained by the CCO of the Relevant Fund. (5) Insider s Responsibility. Notwithstanding the foregoing, even if a proposed trade is pre-cleared, the Insider is prohibited from trading any Fund Securities while in possession of Material Non-public Information. (ii) Pre-Clearance of Non-Fund Securities Covered Transactions. With the exception of transactions in Fund Securities (covered in Section (e)(i) above) and transactions that are exempted under Section (e)(iii) below, Insiders proposing to engage in Covered Transactions must obtain pre-clearance of such Covered Transaction using the following procedures: (1) From Whom Obtained. Pre-clearance must be obtained from the Administrative Officer and one Independent Officer. (2) Pre-clearance Period. In the case of a proposed Covered Transaction, if the relevant Covered Person receives pre-clearance, the Insider will have until the end of fourteen (14) calendar days following the day pre-clearance is received to execute the transaction. If for any reason the transaction is not completed within this period of time, pre- clearance must be re-obtained before the transaction can be executed. (3) Form. Pre-clearance must be obtained in writing by completing and signing the Request for Permission to Engage in a Non-Fund Securities Covered Transaction form attached hereto as Schedule A, which form shall set forth the details of the proposed transaction, and obtaining the signatures of the Administrative Officer and one Independent Officer. Schedule A may be amended from time to time by the CCO of the Relevant Fund, with the permission of the Chairman of the Ethics Committee of the Relevant Fund. (4) Filing. A copy of all completed pre-clearance forms, with all required signatures, shall be retained by the CCO of the Relevant Fund. (5) Factors to be Considered in Pre-clearance of Non-Fund Securities Covered Transactions. The persons responsible for pre-clearance may refuse to grant pre-clearance of a Covered Transaction in their absolute discretion. Generally, such persons will consider the following factors in determining whether or not to clear a Covered Transaction: (1) whether the Insider is in possession of Material Non-Public Information, (2) whether the amount or nature of the transaction or person making it is likely to affect the price or market for the 

Appendix A-9 Security; (3) whether the individual making the proposed purchase or sale is likely to benefit from purchases or sales being made or being considered by the Funds; (4) whether the Security proposed to be purchased or sold is one that would qualify for purchase or sale by the Funds; (5) whether the transaction is non-volitional on the part of the individual, such as receipt of a stock dividend, bequest or inheritance; (6) whether potential harm to the Funds from the transaction is remote; (7) whether the transaction would be likely to affect a highly institutional market; and (8) whether the transaction is related economically to Securities being considered for purchase or sale (as defined in Section (b)(xviii) of this Policy) by the Funds. (iii) Exemptions From Pre-Clearance Requirements The following transactions are exempt from the pre-clearance provisions of this Policy: (1) Not Controlled Securities. Purchases, sales or other acquisitions or dispositions of Securities for an account over which the Insider has no direct influence or Control and does not exercise indirect influence or Control; (2) Involuntary Transactions. Involuntary purchases or sales made by an Insider; (3) DRPs. Purchases which are part of an automatic dividend reinvestment plan; (4) Rights Offerings. Purchases or other acquisitions or dispositions resulting from the exercise of rights acquired from an issuer as part of a pro rata distribution to all holders of a class of Securities of such issuer and the sale of such rights; and (5) Rule 10b5-1 Plans. a. Trades Pursuant to Trading Plan Exempted from Compliance with Trading Windows and Pre-clearance Requirements. A transaction in Fund Securities in accordance with a trading plan adopted in accordance with the SEC s Rule 10b5-1(c) and this Section (e)(iii)(5) (the Trading Plan shall not be required to be effected during an open Trading Window nor shall it require pre-clearance, even though such transaction takes place during a closed Trading Window or while the Insider was aware of Material Non-public Information. b. Adoption and Approval of Trading Plan. The Trading Plan must be adopted during (i) an open Trading Window and (ii) at a time when such Insider is not in possession of Material Non-public Information. Each Trading Plan must be pre-approved by the Administrative Officer to confirm compliance with this Policy and applicable securities laws, and such approval is subject to the sole discretion of the Administrative Officer. Approval of a Trading Plan shall not be deemed a representation by the Adviser, Administrator or the applicable Fund that such plan complies with Rule 10b5-1, nor an assumption by the Adviser, Administrator or the applicable Fund of any liability or responsibility to the individual or any other party if the plan does not comply with Rule 10b5-1. The initial trades under such Trading Plan 

Appendix A-10 shall not be permitted until at least thirty calendar days have passed following the establishment of the Trading Plan. c. Amendment of Trading Plan. An Insider may amend or replace his or her Trading Plan only during periods when trading is permitted in accordance with this Policy, and the relevant Covered Person must submit any proposed amendment or replacement of a Trading Plan to the Administrative Officer for approval prior to adoption. The relevant Covered Person must provide notice to the Administrative Officer prior to an Insider terminating a Trading Plan. d. Form. Pre-clearance of a Trading Plan must be obtained in writing by (i) completing and signing the Request for Permission to Establish Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan form attached hereto as Schedule C, and (ii) obtaining the signature of the Administrative Officer. Schedule C may be amended from time to time by the CCO of the Relevant Fund, with the permission of the Chairman of the Ethics Committee of the Relevant Fund. e. Filing. A copy of all completed pre-clearance forms, with all required signatures, shall be retained by the CCO of the Relevant Fund. (f) Reporting Requirements. (i) Access Persons. (1) Holdings Reports. a. Initial Holdings Report. Within ten (10) days of becoming an Access Person, each Access Person shall make a written report to the CCO of the Relevant Fund of all Securities in which such Access Person holds a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. Access Persons need not report any such Securities that are exempt under subsection (i)(1)(d) of this Section (f). The initial holdings report shall be made on the form provided for such purpose by the CCO of the Relevant Fund. Each initial holdings report must be current as of a date no more than forty-five (45) days prior to the date that the reporting person became an Access Person. b. Annual Holdings Reports. No later than February 13th of each year, each Access Person shall make a written report to the CCO of the Relevant Fund of all Securities in which such Access Person holds a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. Access Persons need not report any such Securities that are exempt under subsection (i)(1)(d) of this Section (f). The annual holdings report shall be made on the form provided for such purpose by the CCO of the Relevant Fund. Each annual holdings report must be current as of a date no later than December 31st of the prior year. c. Contents of Holdings Reports. Holdings reports must contain, at a minimum, the following information with respect to each Security: (i) the title and type of each Security for which an Access Person holds a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest; (ii) for publicly traded Securities, the ticker symbol or CUSIP number for each such Security; (iii) the 

Appendix A-11 principal amount of each Security; (iv) the name of any broker, dealer or bank with whom you, or any members of your Immediate Family, maintain an account in which any Securities are held for your direct or indirect benefit; and (v) the date of submission of the report. d. Exemptions from Holdings Reports. The following Securities are not required to be included in holdings reports made by Access Persons: i. Securities held in accounts over which an Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control; ii. Direct obligations of the Government of the United States; iii. Bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; and iv. Shares issued by open-end funds. (2) Transaction Reports. a. Quarterly Report. Within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person must submit a quarterly report to the CCO of the Relevant Fund, on the form provided for such purpose by the CCO of the Relevant Fund, of all transactions during the calendar quarter in any Securities in which such Access Person has any direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. b. Contents of Transaction Reports. Quarterly Transaction Reports must contain, at a minimum, the following information with respect to each transaction in a Security: (i) the title and type of each Security involved; (ii) for publicly traded Securities, the ticker symbol or CUSIP number for each such Security; (iii) the number of shares, interest rate, and maturity date and principal amount, as applicable, of each Security involved; (iv) the price of the Security at which the transaction was effected; (v) the name of any broker, dealer or bank through which the transaction was effected; and (vi) the date of submission of the report. c. Exemptions from Transaction Reports. The following transactions are not required to be included in Quarterly transactions reports of Access Persons: i. Transactions in Securities over which an Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control; ii. Transactions in Direct obligations of the Government of the United States; iii. Transactions in Bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high 

Appendix A-12 quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; iv. Transactions in shares issued by open-end funds; and v. Transactions which are part of an automatic dividend reinvestment plan. (ii) Non-Access Persons. (1) Annual Transactions Report. Within 10 days of the end of each calendar year, each Non-Access Person shall make a written report to the CCO of the Relevant Fund of all transactions by which they acquired or disposed of a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest in any Covered Security. (2) Form. Each annual report shall be provided on the form Annual Securities Transactions Confidential Report of Non-Access Persons form attached hereto as Schedule D, which form shall set forth the information regarding each transaction requested in the form. Schedule D may be amended from time to time by the CCO of the Relevant Fund, who shall promptly provide any form so amended to all Non-Access Persons. (3) Filing. A copy of all reports submitted pursuant to this Section (f), with all required signatures, shall be retained by the CCO of the Relevant Fund. (iii) Disclaimer. Any report made by an Access Person or Non-Access Person under this Section (e) may contain a statement that the report is not to be construed as an admission that the person making it has or had any direct or indirect Beneficial Interest in any Security or Covered Security to which the report relates. (iv) Responsibility to Report. It is the responsibility of all Covered Persons to take the initiative to provide each report required to be made by them under this Policy. Any effort by the Adviser, the Administrator or the Funds to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. (g) Confidentiality of Transactions Until disclosed in a public report to stockholders or to the SEC in the normal course, all information concerning Securities being considered for purchase or sale (as defined in Section (b)(xv) of this Policy) by the Funds shall be kept confidential by all Access Persons and disclosed by them only on a need to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the CCO to report any inadequacy found by him or her to the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee appointed by the Board of Directors to deal with such information. (h) Sanctions 

Appendix A-13 Any violation of this Policy shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions by the Funds or the Adviser as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of the Rules and this Policy, which may include suspension or termination of employment, a letter of censure or restitution of an amount equal to the difference between the price paid or received by the Funds and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person. Sanctions for violation of this Policy by a director of the Funds will be determined by a majority vote of the independent directors of the applicable Fund. (i) Administration and Construction (i) Administration. The administration of this Policy shall be the responsibility of the CCO of the Adviser and the Funds. (ii) Duties. The duties of the CCO under this Policy include: (1) continuous maintenance of a current list of the names of all Access and Non-Access Persons, with an appropriate description of their title or employment; (2) providing each Covered Person a copy of this Policy and informing them of their duties and obligations hereunder, and assuring that Covered Persons are familiar with applicable requirements of this Appendix; (3) supervising the implementation of this Policy and its enforcement by the Adviser, the Administrator and the Funds; (4) maintaining or supervising the maintenance of all records and reports required by this Policy; (5) preparing listings of all transactions effected by any Access Person within thirty (30) days of the date on which the same security was held, purchased or sold by any of the Funds; (6) issuing either personally or with the assistance of counsel, as may be appropriate, any interpretation of this Policy which may appear consistent with the objectives of the Rules and this Policy; (7) conducting of such inspections or investigations, including scrutiny of the listings referred to in the preceding subparagraph, as shall reasonably be required to detect and report, with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Policy to the Board of Directors of the Funds or any Committee appointed by them to deal with such information; and (8) submitting a quarterly report to the directors of the Funds containing a description of any (i) violation and the sanction imposed; (ii) transactions which suggest the possibility of a violation of interpretations issued by the CCO of the Relevant Fund; and (iii) any other significant information concerning the appropriateness of this Policy. (j) Required Records. The CCO shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily accessible place, the following records: (i) Code of Ethics and Policies. Copies of the Code of Ethics into which this Policy has been incorporated, this Policy, and any other codes of ethics or insider trading policies adopted pursuant to the Rules Rule 17 and Rule 204A Codes which have been in effect during the past five (5) years; (ii) Violations. A record of any violation of any such Rule 17 and Rule 204A Codes and of any action taken as a result of such violation; 

Appendix A-14 (iii) Reports. A copy of each report made by the CCO within two (2) years from the end of the fiscal year of the Funds in which such report or interpretation is made or issued, and for an additional three (3) years in a place which need not be easily accessible; and (iv) List. A list of all persons who are, or within the past five (5) years have been, required to make reports pursuant to the Rules and any Rule 17 Code. (k) Amendments and Modifications This Policy may not be amended or modified except in a written form which is specifically approved by majority vote of the independent directors of the applicable Funds. This Policy was adopted by the Funds Boards of Directors, including the independent directors, on January 28, 2013. 

Request to Engage in a Non-Fund Securities Covered Transaction Appendix A - 14 Updated March 17, 2020 SCHEDULE A REQUEST FOR PERMISSION TO ENGAGE IN A NON-FUND SECURITIES COVERED TRANSACTION I hereby request permission to effect a transaction in securities as indicated below for my own account or other account in which I have a beneficial interest or legal title. I acknowledge that if I am granted pre-clearance for my Transaction Request, I will have until the end of fourteen (14) calendar days following the day pre-clearance is received to execute the transaction. I also acknowledge that, if for any reason the transaction is not completed within this period of time, pre-clearance must be re-obtained before the transaction can be executed. (Use approximate dates and amounts of proposed transactions.) PURCHASES AND ACQUISITIONS Date IPO or Limited Offering? No. of Shares or Principal Amount Name and Trading Symbol of Security Unit Price Total Price Brokerage Firm SALES AND OTHER DISPOSITIONS Name: Request Date: Signature: Permission Granted Permission Denied Signature: (Administrative Officer) Date: Signature: Date: (Independent Officer or President/CEO) 

Request for Pre-Clearance and Certification in Connection with a Transaction in Fund Securities Appendix A 15 SCHEDULE B REQUEST FOR PRE-CLEARANCE AND CERTIFICATION IN CONNECTION WITH A TRANSACTION IN FUND SECURITIES Instructions: To initiate pre-clearance, you must contact the Administrative Officer in person, by phone, or email. After discussing the proposed trade, pre-clearance can be obtained by (1) completing and signing this Schedule B, and obtaining the approval and signature of the Administrative Officer; or (2) responding affirmatively to an email sent by the Administrative Officer containing all the required information of this Schedule B and receiving a reply email from the Administrative Officer indicating such approval. The Administrative Officer is the CCO of the Relevant Fund, or, if the CCO is not available, then the General Counsel of the Relevant Fund, or if the CCO and General Counsel are not available, then the CFO of the Relevant Fund. Capitalized terms used in this Schedule B have the meanings given them in the Insider Trading Policy as adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Funds on January 28, 2013 (the Policy ). REQUEST FOR PRE-CLEARANCE I hereby request permission to effect a transaction in Fund Securities as indicated below for my own account or other account in which I have a beneficial interest or legal title. Requestor s name: _________________________________ Transaction type (Buy or Sell):______________ Proposed order date: ___________________ Approximate number of shares (if debt securities, principal dollar amount) of trade: __________ Name and trading symbol of Fund Security: ____________________________________ CERTIFICATION Pursuant to the Policy, and in connection with the above request for pre-clearance (the Transaction Request ), I, __________________, hereby certify that I am not in possession of any Material Non-public Information, as defined in the Policy. I further certify I have read and understand the Insider Trading Policy as adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Funds and am personally responsible for abiding by all the policies and procedures contained within the Policy and aware of the consequences of failing to do so. Signature: __________________________ Date: ______________________ 

Request for Pre-Clearance and Certification in Connection with a Transaction in Fund Securities PRE-CLEARANCE CONSIDERATIONS AND DECISION 1) Is the Fund involved in a stock offering (overnight, ATM, etc.)? If yes, consider whether requestor is an Affiliated Purchaser under Regulation M and precluded from trading in securities of Fund during offering period. 2) Is the trader currently subject to any lockup agreements resulting from recent stock offerings for this fund? Confirm with legal and compliance. If yes, determine if proposed trade is not allowed during the proposed trade period. Pre-clearance Granted Pre-clearance Denied Administrative Officer Signature: _____________________ Pre-clearance Granted/Denied Date: ___________________ 

Certification/Request For Pre-Approval Of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Appendix A 16 SCHEDULE C CERTIFICATION/REQUEST FOR PRE-APPROVAL OF RULE 10B5-1 TRADING PLAN Instructions: Contact the Administrative Officer to discuss your eligibility for a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. The Administrative Officer is the CCO of the Relevant Fund, or, if the CCO is not available, then the General Counsel of the Relevant Fund, or if the CCO and General Counsel are not available, then the CFO of the Relevant Fund. Capitalized terms used in this Schedule C have the meanings given them in the Insider Trading Policy as adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Funds on January 28, 2013 (the Policy ). REQUEST FOR PRE-CLEARANCE Pursuant to the Policy, I hereby request permission to enter into a Trading Plan pursuant to Rule 10b5- 1 under the Exchange Act. In connection with this request, I, __________________, hereby certify that: 1. I have delivered herewith the form of Trading Plan to the Administrative Officer. 2. I am not in possession of any Material Non-public Information, as defined in the Policy. 3. I further certify I have read and understand the Insider Trading Policy as adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Funds and am personally responsible for abiding by all the policies and procedures contained within the Policy and aware of the consequences of failing to do so. Signature: Date: ____________________ PRE-CLEARANCE CONSIDERATION AND DECISION 1) Is the Fund involved in a stock offering (overnight, ATM, etc.)? If yes, consider whether requestor is an Affiliated Purchaser under Regulation M and precluded from trading in securities of Fund during offering period. 2) Is the trader currently subject to any lockup agreements resulting from recent stock offerings for this fund? Confirm with legal and compliance. If yes, determine if proposed trade is not allowed during the proposed trade period. Pre-approval Granted Pre-approval Denied Administrative Officer Signature: _____________________ Pre-approval Granted/Denied Date: ___________________ 

Annual Securities Transactions Confidential Report of Non-Access Persons Appendix A 17 SCHEDULE D ANNUAL SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS CONFIDENTIAL REPORT OF NON-ACCESS PERSONS The following schedule lists all transactions during the year ending December 31, ____ in which I had any direct or indirect Beneficial Interest in any Covered Security. Capitalized terms used in this schedule have the meanings given them in the Insider Trading Policy as adopted by the Boards of Directors of the Funds on January 28, 2013. (If no transactions took place you may write None PURCHASES AND ACQUISITIONS Date No. of Shares or Principal Amount Name of Security Unit Price Total Price Brokerage Firm SALES AND OTHER DISPOSITIONS If you wish to disclaim Beneficial Ownership of any of the Covered Securities listed above, please check the statement below and describe the Securities for which you disclaim Beneficial Ownership. __ This report is not to be construed as an admission that the person making it has or had any direct or indirect Beneficial Interest in the following Securities to which this report relates: For the year ending Name: Date: Signature: 

Annual Securities Transactions Confidential Report of Non-Access Persons Appendix A 17 

Appendix B - 1 Pay to Play Policy For Gladstone Capital Corporation Gladstone Commercial Corporation Gladstone Investment Corporation Gladstone Land Corporation Gladstone Alternative Income Fund Gladstone Management Corporation Gladstone Securities, LLC Appendix B A. Prohibited Conduct 1. Covered Associates (as defined in Section C. and explained further in the accompanying footnote) may not make any Political Contribution (defined Section C.) to any Official of a Government Entity (defined in Section C.), unless such Political Contribution has first been approved in writing by the CCO or his designee. This prohibition includes in-kind contributions, e.g., contributions of GMC or Gladstone Securities property, services or other assets including employee work time spent on political activities and the solicitation of contributions by an employee. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in GMC's being barred from receiving compensation for supplying advisory services to such Government Entity or to a Covered Investment Pool (defined below) in which such Government Entity invests for a two-year period. This prohibition applies to fundraising activities, including soliciting or making Political Contributions, either monetary or in-kind. Please note, nothing in this Policy is meant to discourage Covered Associates from participating in the political process by expressing support for political candidates2 or voting. Covered Associates may support candidates in other ways, such as volunteering their time, so long as such volunteering occurs during non-work hours or on vacation time. Additionally, to avoid potentially problematic in-kind contributions, Covered Associates are prohibited from using GMC or Gladstone Securities resources, including telephones, copiers, personnel, or other facilities to conduct political activities. Individuals who are Covered Associates may make a de minimis Political Contribution to an Official of a Government Entity for whom the Covered Associate is entitled to vote at the time of the contribution, provided that the Political Contribution does not exceed 350 in the aggregate to any one Official, per election. Individuals who are Covered Associates may also make a de minimis Political Contribution to an Official of a Government Entity for whom the Covered Associate is not 2 Please note, not all political candidates or incumbent politicians are included within the definition of Official of a Government Entity. Incumbent federal officeholders and candidates for federal office who do not hold a state or local office while running for federal office are not Officials of a Government Entity. 

Appendix B - 2 entitled to vote, provided that the Political Contribution does not exceed 150 in the aggregate to any one Official, per election. Under both exceptions, primary and general elections would be considered separate elections. All de minimis contributions must also be disclosed to the CCO. Please note that broker dealers and individuals who are municipal finance professionals are subject to a lower de minimis contribution limit of 250 under MSRB Rule G-37. 2. A Covered Associate may not, without the prior written consent of the CCO or his designee, solicit or co-ordinate: (i) Political Contributions to Officials of a Government Entity, or (ii) payments to a state or local political party. For purposes of this Policy, solicitation or coordination of a Political Contribution or payment includes communicating, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or arranging a Political Contribution or payment and would include asking, directing, or suggesting that a Political Contribution be made. For example, use of an individual s name on fundraising literature for a candidate would be soliciting Political Contributions for that candidate. Similarly, even forwarding a solicitation to friends or family on behalf of a candidate or political party would be coordinating Political Contributions for that candidate or political party. 3. A Covered Associate may not compensate a third party placement agent or finder to solicit advisory business3 from a Government Entity on behalf of the Covered Associate, unless the third party is a registered broker-dealer or SEC-registered investment adviser subject to Rule 206(4)- 5. 4. Covered Associates may not circumvent these prohibitions by requesting, directing or causing contributions or payments to be made through other parties, including, but not limited to, spouses, family members or friends, or in any other way. B. Quarterly Reports Within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Covered Associate must submit a Political Contribution Report to the CCO in such form as he shall prescribe. As part of the hiring process, each newly-hired Covered Associate will be required to report information on any Political Contribution or other activity covered by this Policy. C. Definitions A Covered Associate4 includes: (i) GMC, (ii) Gladstone Securities, (ii) GMC's or Gladstone Securities President; (iii) any Vice-President or similar executive officer of GMC or Gladstone Securities in charge of a business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance); (iv) any other person who performs a policy-making function; (v) an employee who solicits a government entity for GMC; (vi) any person who directly or indirectly supervises an employee described in (v); or (vii) any political action committee controlled by GMC, Gladstone Securities or any of their covered associates. 3 Soliciting advisory business means engaging in a communication that is reasonably calculated to obtain or retain a Government Entity as an advisory client. 4 Although Gladstone Securities employees are not employees of the investment adviser GMC, for purposes of this policy and Rule 206(4)-5 s restrictions regarding third party placement agents discussed in footnote 1, Gladstone Securities and certain of its employees will be deemed to be Covered Associates. 

Appendix B - 3 In addition to the positions listed above, as of the date of this Policy, the following shall be considered Covered Associates: Individuals holding Series 7 or 79 License Individuals designated or acting in the position of Managing Director or higher; Individuals designated as the head of a department; Individuals having marketing responsibilities/Individuals designated as part of the Marketing Department; and Individuals who solicit business from government entities or who supervise those who do. For internal reference only, on a quarterly basis, the CCO or his designee shall update Exhibit A hereto (delineating each individual he believes to be included within the definition of Covered Associate). A Covered Investment Pool includes an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 that is an investment option of a plan or program of a Government Entity or any company that would be an investment company under section 3(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 but for the exclusion provided from that definition by 3(c)(1), 3(c)(7) or 3(c)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.5 A Government Entity means any state or political subdivision thereof, including public pension funds and retirement systems. This includes such an entity's agency, authority or instrumentality; a pool of assets sponsored or established by the state or political subdivision, agency, authority or instrumentality thereof; a plan or program of a government entity; and officers, agents or employees of the government entity acting in their official capacity. An Official of a Government Entity is someone who can influence the hiring of an investment adviser for a government entity. This term includes someone who has the sole authority to select investment advisers for the government entity; someone who serves on a governing board that selects investment advisers; or someone who appoints those who select the investment advisers. It includes an incumbent, a candidate, or a successful candidate for state or local elective office. Note that it can also include a candidate for federal office, if that person is a covered state or local official at the time the Political Contribution is made. In certain circumstances, a national political party committee may be considered an Official of a Government Entity after the party s nominating convention has concluded if at least one of the party s nominees for president or vice president is a covered state or local official.6 5 Please note, at the time of writing this Policy, a Covered Investment Pool would include any private fund that GMC may wish to manage and raise capital from any state or political subdivision thereof, including public pension funds and retirement systems. It would also include a pooled investment vehicle sponsored or advised by an investment adviser as a funding vehicle or investment option in a government sponsored plan, such as a 529 plan (qualified tuition plan), 403(b) plan (tax-deferred employee benefit retirement plan), or a 457 plan tax-deferred employee benefit retirement plan) that typically allow participants to select among pre-established investment options or particular investment pools (often invested in registered investment companies or funds of funds, such as target date funds). 6 The national political party committees are the RNC, DNC, NRSC, DSCC, NRCC, and DCCC. Contributions or solicitations for contributions to a national political party committee may violate Rule 206(4)-5 if one or more of the party s nominees for president or vice president is a covered state or local official. For example, in 2008, contributions 

Appendix B - 4 A Political Contribution means a gift, subscription, loan, advance, deposit of money or anything of value made for the purpose of influencing an election. Political Contributions include not only monetary donations but also the provision of goods and services provided to a campaign, or on behalf of a campaign, without charge. This includes payments for debts incurred in such an election, as well as transition or inaugural expenses. to the RNC after the nominating convention which chose Sarah Palin, then incumbent Governor of Alaska, as vice presidential nominee were subject to then in effect pay to play restrictions of 250. Similarly, contributions to McCain-Palin were also subject to the 250 limit. On August 13, 2011, Governor Rick Perry of Texas announced his candidacy for president of the United States. As an Official of a Government Entity, individuals who are Covered Associates may only contribute 350 per election to Governor Perry s campaign and may not solicit contributions on Perry s behalf. Depending on the outcome of the republican nominating convention in 2012, if Governor Perry or another incumbent state or local official becomes the republican party nominee for president or vice president, contributions to the RNC after the convention would be subject to the de minimis limits, as would contributions to the campaign committee for the presidential/vice presidential nominees. 

Appendix B - 5 Quarterly Political Contribution Report GMC, as a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, is required by law to maintain books and records regarding certain political contributions made by its Covered Associates. Pursuant to our Pay to Pay Policy, please provide information regarding your Political Contributions. If you are unsure whether to report a Political Contribution, please contact the CCO or General Counsel for assistance. All terms in bold/italics used on this report have the same definitions as they appear in the Pay to Pay Policy included as Appendix B to our Code of Ethics. For more guidance regarding this report specifically, or our Pay to Play Policy generally, please contact our CCO or General Counsel. Period Covered by the Report - 20 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Other Period Covered Activity Except as otherwise described below, during the period covered by this report, I have not, directly or indirectly (including, but not limited to, through a family member or political action committee): a. Made or caused to be made a Political Contribution to any Official of a Government Entity; b. Solicited or coordinated: (i) Political Contributions to any Official of a Government Entity, or (ii) payments to a state or local political party; or c. Compensated any third parties for soliciting advisory business from a Government Entity. Describe each Political Contribution, including those de minimis contributions made to candidates for whom you are eligible to vote. Include name, title and city/county/state or other political subdivision of each recipient and the amounts and dates of each Political Contribution: ______________________________ Name Date 

Appendix B - 6 Initial Political Contribution Report GMC, as a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, is required by law to maintain books and records regarding certain political contributions made by its executives and employees. Please provide information regarding Political Contributions made after March 14, 2011 until now. If you are unsure whether to report a Political Contribution, please contact the CCO or General Counsel for assistance. All terms in bold/italics used on this report have the same definitions as they appear in the Pay to Pay Policy included as Appendix B to our Code of Ethics. For more guidance regarding this report specifically, or our Pay to Play Policy generally, please contact our CCO or General Counsel. Except as otherwise described below, during the period from March 14, 2011 until the date of this report, I have not, directly or indirectly (including through a family member or political action committee): a. Made a Political Contribution to any Official of a Government Entity; b. Solicited or coordinated: (i) Political Contributions to an Official of a Government Entity, or (ii) payments to a political party of a state or locality; or c. Compensated any third parties for soliciting advisory business from Government Entities. Describe any exceptions. Include name, title and city/county/state or other political subdivision of each recipient and the amounts and dates of each contribution or payment: ____________________________ Name Date 

Appendix B - 7 Political Contribution Pre-Clearance Form Name and Title of Contributor: Recipient Information Name: Title: City/County/State/Other Political Subdivision: Amount of Contribution: Proposed Date of Contribution: Contribution is for: Primary Election General Election Is this Contributor able to vote for this Recipient? Yes No Has this Contributor made other contributions to this recipient during this election cycle? Yes No If yes, describe: Has this Contributor ever had a contribution returned because the Contributor was not eligible to vote for the recipient candidate and it was more than the 150 de minimis allowed? Yes No If yes, describe: Contribution Approved Contribution Denied ______________________ Name Date 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit21-fy2024.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Gladstone Business Loan, LLC (organized in Delaware) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231-fy2024.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms N-2 (No. 333-275934) and (No. 333-261398) of Gladstone Capital Corporation of our report dated November 13, 2024 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule, and senior securities table, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 We also consent to the reference to us under the heading Senior Securities in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Washington, District of Columbia 
 November 13, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit311-fy2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David Gladstone, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gladstone Capital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 1) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 2) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 3) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 4) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 1) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 2) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s DAVID GLADSTONE David Gladstone Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit312-fy2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Nicole Schaltenbrand, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gladstone Capital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 1) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 2) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 3) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 4) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 1) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 2) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s NICOLE SCHALTENBRAND Nicole Schaltenbrand Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit321-fy2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Gladstone Capital Corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 13, 2024 
 s DAVID GLADSTONE David Gladstone Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit322-fy2024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of Gladstone Capital Corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 13, 2024 
 s NICOLE SCHALTENBRAND Nicole Schaltenbrand Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 exhibit971-fy2024.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Gladstone Capital Corporation 
 Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 
 1. Purpose. The purpose of this Compensation Recoupment Policy of the Company (as amended from time to time, the Policy ), dated as of October 10, 2023 (the Adoption Date is to describe the circumstances in which current and former Executive Officers will be required to repay or return Erroneously Awarded Compensation to members of the Company Group. The Company has adopted this Policy to comply with Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as codified by Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder, and the rules and requirements of Nasdaq (including Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608) (such legal requirements, and rules and requirements of Nasdaq, collectively, the SEC Nasdaq Clawback Rules ). Each Executive Officer shall be required to sign and return to the Company an acknowledgment to this Policy in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A pursuant to which such Executive Officer will agree to be bound by the terms and comply with this Policy. 
 
 2. Administration. This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy, and any such determinations made by the Committee shall be in the Committee s sole discretion, and shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. Subject to applicable legal requirements and the rules and requirements of Nasdaq, the Committee may delegate any or all of its powers and duties under the Policy to authorized officers of the Company, subject to such limitations on such delegated powers and duties as the Committee may impose, if any. Except as otherwise required by applicable legal requirements or the rules and requirements of the Nasdaq, any determinations of the Committee hereunder need not be uniform with respect to one or more Executive Officers (whether current or former). 
 
 3. Definitions. For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Accounting Restatement shall mean an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or (ii) that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a little r restatement). 
 
 (b) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (c) Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation shall mean all Incentive-Based Compensation Received by any current or former Executive Officer on or after the Nasdaq Effective Date, provided that 
 
 i. such Incentive-Based Compensation is Received after such individual began serving as an Executive Officer 
 
 ii. such individual served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation 
 
 iii. such Incentive-Based Compensation is Received while the Company has a class of securities listed on Nasdaq and 

iv. such Incentive-Based Compensation is Received during the applicable Clawback Period. 
 
 (d) Clawback Period shall mean, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 
 (e) Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 (f) Common Stock shall mean the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. 
 
 (g) Company shall mean Gladstone Capital Corporation , a Maryland corporation. 
 
 (h) Company Group shall mean the Company, together with each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 (i) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean, with respect to any current or former Executive Officer in connection with any Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation Received by such current or former Executive Officer that exceeds the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that otherwise would have been Received by such current or former Executive Officer had such Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation been determined based on the restated amounts as reflected in connection with such Accounting Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 (j) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (k) Executive Officer shall mean any officer as defined in Rule 10D-1(d) (or any successor provision thereof) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (l) Financial Reporting Measures shall mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. For purposes of this Policy, stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 
 (m) Incentive-Based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 (n) Nasdaq shall mean the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 (o) Nasdaq Effective Date shall mean October 2, 2023. 
 
 (p) Received shall mean when Incentive-Based Compensation is received, and Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial 

Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (q) Restatement Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 (r) SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 4. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 (a) In the event that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, (i) the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each applicable current or former Executive Officer (whether or not such individual is serving as an Executive Officer at such time) (the Applicable Executives in connection with such Accounting Restatement, and (ii) the Company will reasonably promptly require the recoupment of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any such Applicable Executive, and any such Applicable Executive shall surrender such Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company, at such time(s), and via such method(s), as determined by the Committee in accordance with the terms of this Policy. In such event, any such Applicable Executive shall enter into any recoupment or similar agreement as may be requested by the Committee in connection with the Company s recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation from such Applicable Executive pursuant to the terms of this Policy. 
 
 (b) For Incentive-Based Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement, (i) such amount shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was Received, and (ii) the Company will maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to Nasdaq. 
 
 (c) The Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method(s) for recouping any Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any Applicable Executive, which may include one or more of the following 
 
 (i) requiring one or more cash payments to the Company Group from such Applicable Executive, including, but not limited to, the repayment of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid by the Company Group to such Applicable Executive 
 
 (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards previously made by the Company to such Applicable Executive and or otherwise requiring the delivery to the Company of shares of Common Stock held by such Applicable Executive 
 
 (iii) withholding, reducing or eliminating future cash compensation (including cash incentive payments), future equity awards and or other benefits or amounts otherwise to be paid or awarded by the Company Group to such Applicable Executive 

(iv) offsetting amounts against compensation or other amounts otherwise payable by the Company Group to such Applicable Executive 
 
 (v) cancelling, adjusting or offsetting against some or all outstanding vested or unvested equity awards of the Company held by such Applicable Executive and or 
 
 (vi) taking any other remedial and recovery actions with respect to such Applicable Executive permitted by applicable legal requirements and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, as determined by the Committee. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any Applicable Executive pursuant to the terms of this Policy if (1) the Committee determines that such recovery would be impracticable, and (2) any of the following conditions is met 
 
 (i) the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered, provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement pursuant to this clause (i), the Company has (x) made a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, (y) documented such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and (z) provided such documentation to Nasdaq 
 
 (ii) recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022, provided that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to Nasdaq, that recovery would result in such a violation, has provided copy of the opinion is provided to Nasdaq or 
 
 (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company Group, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 5. No Indemnification, Etc. The Company Group shall not (x) indemnify any current or former Executive Officer against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (y) pay or reimburse any current or former Executive Officers for insurance premiums to recover losses incurred under this Policy. 
 
 6. Supersedure. This Policy will supersede any provisions in (x) any agreement, plan or other arrangement applicable to any member of the Company Group, and (y) any organizational documents of any entity that is part of Company Group that, in any such case, (a) exempt any Incentive-Based Compensation from the application of this Policy, (b) waive or otherwise prohibit or restrict the Company Group s right to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, including, without limitation, in connection with exercising any right of setoff as provided herein, and or (c) require or provide for indemnification to the extent that such indemnification is prohibited under Section 5 above. 
 
 7. Amendment Termination Interpretation. The Committee may amend or terminate this Policy at any time, subject to compliance with all applicable legal requirements and the rules and requirements of Nasdaq. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the SEC Nasdaq Clawback Rules. 

8. Other Recoupment Rights No Additional Payments. 
 
 (a) Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company Group pursuant to (i) the terms of any recoupment provisions in any employment agreement, incentive or equity compensation plan or award or other agreement, (ii) any other legal requirements, including, but not limited to, Section 304 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subject to Section 8(b) of this Policy below), and (iii) any other legal rights or remedies available to the Company. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that the Committee determines that any Erroneously Awarded Compensation includes any amounts that have been actually reimbursed to the Company Group from any Applicable Executive pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (any such amounts that have been reimbursed to the Company Group, the Applicable SOX Recoupment Amount ), in order to prevent duplicative recovery, the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to be recovered from any such Applicable Executive shall be reduced by the Applicable SOX Recoupment Amount. 
 
 (c) To the extent so determined by the Committee, the Company shall be entitled to recover from any Applicable Executive all fees and expenses incurred by the Company Group in connection with enforcing its rights under this Policy against any Applicable Executive. 
 
 9. Successors. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all current and former Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

Exhibit A 
 
 Form of Acknowledgment 
 
 By signing below, the undersigned acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Gladstone Capital Corporation Compensation Recoupment Policy (the Policy ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this acknowledgment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Policy. 
 
 By signing this acknowledgment, the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during and after the undersigned s employment with the Company Group. Further, by signing below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company Group to the extent required by the Policy. 

______________________________ 
 Signature 

______________________________ 
 Print Name 

______________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 exhibit991-fy2024.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 
 
 Pursuant to FINRA Rule 2231(c), Gladstone Capital Corporation (the Company determined the estimated value as of September 30, 2024, of its 6.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), 25.00 stated value per share, with the assistance of a third-party valuation service. In particular, the third-party valuation service reviewed the amount resulting from the consolidated total equity of the Company (as reflected on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet within its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-K ), which was prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles), adjusted for the fair value of its long-term assets (i.e., its real estate holdings) and long-term liabilities (each as disclosed within the Form 10-K (to which this exhibit is attached) under Non-GAAP Financial Information Net Asset Value ), divided by the number of shares of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. Based on this methodology and because the result from the calculation above is greater than the 25.00 per share stated value of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock, the Company has determined that the estimated value of its Series A Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2024, is 25.00 per share. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 glad-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 glad-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 glad-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 glad-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 glad-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

