<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-K_edgar_data_882184_0000882184-24-000057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14844337</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>491414</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2598133</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6252790</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2666157</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2498058</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000882184-24-000057.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119154702
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000882184-24-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HORTON D R INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882184
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				752386963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14122
		FILM NUMBER:		241475783

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1341 HORTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(817) 390-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1341 HORTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000882184-24-000057.txt : 20241119

10-K
 1
 dhi-20240930.htm
 10-K

dhi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2024 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From To 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of March 28, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of November 14, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference (to the extent indicated) in Part III. 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 2024 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 ITEM 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 26 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters 
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 29 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 109 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 109 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 109 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 110 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 110 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 111 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 111 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 112 
 ITEM 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 117 
 SIGNATURES 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. is the largest homebuilding company in the United States as measured by number of homes closed. We construct and sell homes through our operating divisions in 125 markets across 36 states. Our common stock is included in the S P 500 Index and listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol DHI. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms D.R. Horton, the Company, we and our used herein refer to D.R. Horton, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its predecessors and subsidiaries. 
 
 Our homebuilding business began in 1978 in Fort Worth, Texas, and our common stock has been publicly traded since 1992. We have expanded and diversified our homebuilding operations geographically over the years by investing capital and building teams of people in our existing markets, start-up operations in new markets and acquisitions of other homebuilding companies. We have closed more than 1.1 million homes during our 46-year history, and we have been the largest volume homebuilder in the United States each year since 2002. 
 
 Our business operations consist of homebuilding, rental, a majority-owned residential lot development company, financial services and other activities. Our homebuilding operations are our core business, generating 92 of consolidated revenues of 36.8 billion in fiscal 2024, 90 of consolidated revenues of 35.5 billion in fiscal 2023 and 95 of consolidated revenues of 33.5 billion in fiscal 2022. Our homebuilding operations generate most of their revenues from the sale of completed homes and to a lesser extent from the sale of land and lots. Approximately 87 of our home sales revenue in fiscal 2024 was generated from the sale of single-family detached homes, with the remainder from the sale of attached homes, such as townhomes, duplexes and triplexes. Our product offerings include a broad range of homes for entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury buyers. Our homes generally range in size from 1,000 to 4,000 square feet and in price from 200,000 to more than 1,000,000. For the year ended September 30, 2024, our homebuilding operations closed 89,690 homes with an average closing price of 378,000. 
 
 Our rental segment consists of single-family and multi-family rental operations. The single-family rental operations construct and lease single-family homes within a community and then generally market each community for a bulk sale of rental homes. The multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease and sell residential rental properties, the majority of which are apartment communities. For the year ended September 30, 2024, our rental operations closed 3,970 single-family rental homes and 2,202 multi-family rental units. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we owned 62 of the outstanding shares of Forestar Group Inc. (Forestar), a publicly traded residential lot development company listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FOR. Forestar operates across many of our homebuilding operating markets and is a key part of our homebuilding strategy to maintain relationships with land developers and to control a large portion of our land and lot position through land purchase contracts. For the year ended September 30, 2024, Forestar sold 15,068 lots to homebuilders, including 13,267 lots sold to D.R. Horton. 
 
 Our financial services operations provide mortgage financing and title agency services to homebuyers in many of our homebuilding markets. DHI Mortgage, our wholly-owned subsidiary, provides mortgage financing services primarily to our homebuyers and sells substantially all of the mortgages it originates and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers after origination. For the year ended September 30, 2024, DHI Mortgage originated or brokered 70,693 mortgage loans. Our wholly-owned subsidiary title companies serve as title insurance agents by providing title insurance policies, examination, underwriting and closing services primarily to our homebuilding customers. 
 
 In addition to our homebuilding, rental, Forestar and financial services operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. We conduct insurance-related operations, own water rights and other water-related assets and own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements. The results of these operations are immaterial for separate reporting and therefore are grouped together and presented as other. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 We make available, as soon as reasonably practicable, on our website, www.drhorton.com , all of our reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website under Financial Information and include our annual and quarterly reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4, and 5, proxy statements and amendments to such reports. Our SEC filings are also available to the public on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition to our SEC filings, our corporate governance documents, including our Code of Ethical Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and senior financial officers, are available on the Investor Relations section of our website under ESG. Our stockholders may also obtain these documents in paper format free of charge upon request made to our Investor Relations department. 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, Texas 76011, and our telephone number is (817) 390-8200. Information on or linked to our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 
 OPERATING STRUCTURE AND PROCESSES 
 
 Following is an overview of our company s operating structure and the significant processes that support our business controls, strategies and performance. 
 
 Homebuilding Markets 
 
 Our homebuilding business operates in 125 markets across 36 states, which provides us with geographic diversification in our homebuilding inventory investments and our sources of revenues and earnings. We believe our geographic diversification lowers our operational risks by mitigating the effects of local and regional economic cycles, and it also enhances our earnings potential by providing more diverse opportunities to invest in our business. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We conduct our homebuilding operations in the geographic regions, states and markets listed below. Our homebuilding operating divisions are aggregated into six reporting segments, also referred to as reporting regions, which comprise the markets below. Our financial statements and the notes thereto contain additional information regarding segment performance. 
 
 State Reporting Region/Market State Reporting Region/Market State Reporting Region/Market Northwest Region Southeast Region North Region Colorado Colorado Springs Alabama Baldwin County Delaware Northern Delaware Denver Birmingham Southern Delaware Fort Collins Huntsville Illinois Chicago Oregon Bend Mobile Indiana Fort Wayne Eugene/Springfield Montgomery Indianapolis Medford Tuscaloosa Northwest Indiana Portland/Salem Florida Fort Myers/Naples Iowa Des Moines Utah Salt Lake City Gainesville Iowa City/Cedar Rapids St. George Jacksonville Kansas/Missouri Kansas City Washington Bremerton Lakeland Kentucky Louisville Central Washington Melbourne/Vero Beach Maryland Baltimore Kennewick/Pasco/Richland Miami/Fort Lauderdale Eastern Maryland Seattle/Tacoma/Everett/Olympia Ocala Suburban Washington, D.C. Spokane Orlando Western Maryland Vancouver Panama City Minnesota Minneapolis/St. Paul Pensacola Nebraska Omaha Southwest Region Port St. Lucie New Jersey Northern New Jersey Arizona Phoenix Tallahassee Southern New Jersey Tucson Tampa/Sarasota Ohio Cincinnati/Dayton California Bakersfield Volusia County Columbus Bay Area Louisiana Baton Rouge Pennsylvania Central Pennsylvania Fresno/Tulare Lake Charles/Lafayette Philadelphia Los Angeles County Mississippi Gulf Coast Pittsburgh Modesto/Merced/Stockton Hattiesburg Virginia Northern Virginia Redding/Chico/Yuba City Jackson Richmond Riverside County Virginia Beach/Williamsburg Sacramento East Region Western Virginia San Bernardino County Georgia Atlanta West Virginia Eastern West Virginia Hawaii Oahu Augusta Northern West Virginia Nevada Las Vegas Central Georgia Wisconsin Southeast Wisconsin Reno Savannah New Mexico Albuquerque Valdosta Santa Fe North Carolina Asheville Charlotte South Central Region Greensboro/Winston-Salem Arkansas Little Rock New Bern/Greenville Northwest Arkansas Raleigh/Durham/Fayetteville Oklahoma Oklahoma City Wilmington Tulsa South Carolina Charleston Texas Abilene Columbia Austin Greenville/Spartanburg Beaumont Hilton Head Bryan/College Station Myrtle Beach Corpus Christi Tennessee Chattanooga Dallas Knoxville East Texas Memphis Fort Worth Nashville Houston Northeast Tennessee Killeen/Temple/Waco Lubbock Midland/Odessa New Braunfels/San Marcos San Antonio 
 3 

Table of Contents 

When evaluating new or existing homebuilding markets for purposes of capital allocation, we consider local, market-specific factors, including among others: 
 Economic conditions; 
 Employment levels and job growth; 
 Income level of potential homebuyers; 
 Local housing affordability and typical mortgage products utilized; 
 Market for homes at our targeted price points; 
 Availability of land and lots in desirable locations on acceptable terms; 
 Land entitlement and development processes; 
 Availability of qualified subcontractors; 
 New and secondary home sales activity; 
 Competition; 
 Prevailing housing products, features, cost and pricing; and 
 Performance capabilities of our local management team. 
 
 Economies of Scale 
 
 We are the largest homebuilding company in the United States as measured by number of homes closed in fiscal 2024, and we are also one of the largest builders in most of the markets in which we operate. We believe that our national, regional and local scale of operations provides us with benefits that may not be available to the same degree to some other smaller homebuilders, such as: 
 Greater access to and lower cost of capital due to our balance sheet strength and our lending and capital markets relationships; 
 Volume discounts and rebates from national, regional and local materials suppliers and lower labor rates from certain subcontractors; and 
 Enhanced leverage of our general and administrative activities, which allows us flexibility to adjust to changes in market conditions and compete effectively across our markets. 
 
 Decentralized Homebuilding Operations 
 
 We view homebuilding as a local business; therefore, most of our direct homebuilding activities are decentralized to provide flexibility to our local managers in making operational decisions. We believe that our local management teams, who are familiar with local market conditions, have the best information to make many decisions regarding their operations. At September 30, 2024, we had 88 separate homebuilding operating divisions, many of which operate in more than one market area. Generally, each operating division consists of a division president; a controller and accounting personnel; land entitlement, acquisition and development personnel; a sales manager and sales and marketing personnel; a construction manager and construction superintendents; customer service personnel; a purchasing manager and office staff. Our division presidents receive performance-based compensation if they achieve targeted financial and operating metrics related to their operating divisions. Following is a summary of our homebuilding activities that are decentralized in our local operating divisions and the control and oversight functions that are centralized in our regional and corporate offices. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Operating Division Responsibilities 
 
 Each homebuilding operating division is responsible for: 
 Site selection, which involves 
 A feasibility study; 
 Soil and environmental reviews; 
 Review of existing zoning and other governmental requirements; 
 Review of the need for and extent of offsite work required to obtain project entitlements; and 
 Financial analysis of the potential project; 
 Negotiating lot purchase, land acquisition and related contracts; 
 Obtaining all necessary land development and home construction approvals; 
 Selecting subcontractors and ensuring their work meets our contracted scopes; 
 Selecting building and architectural plans; 
 Planning and managing home construction schedules; 
 Determining the pricing for each house plan and options in a given community; 
 Developing and implementing local marketing and sales plans; 
 Coordinating all interactions with customers and real estate brokers during the sales, construction and home closing processes; and 
 Ensuring the quality and timeliness of post-closing service and warranty repairs provided to customers. 
 
 Centralized Controls 
 
 We centralize many important risk elements of our homebuilding business through our regional and corporate offices. We have separate homebuilding regional offices, which generally consist of a region president, a chief financial officer, legal counsel and other operational and office support staff. Each of our region presidents and their management teams are responsible for oversight of the operations of a number of homebuilding operating divisions, including: 
 Review and approval of division business plans and budgets; 
 Review and approval of all land and lot acquisition contracts; 
 Review of all business and financial analysis for potential land and lot inventory investments; 
 Oversight of land and home inventory levels; 
 Monitoring division financial and operating performance; and 
 Review of major personnel decisions and division incentive compensation plans. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our corporate executives and corporate office departments are responsible for establishing our operational policies and internal control standards and for monitoring compliance with established policies and controls throughout our operations. The corporate office also has primary responsibility for direct management of certain key risk elements and initiatives through the following centralized functions: 
 Financing; 
 Cash management; 
 Allocation of capital; 
 Issuance and monitoring of inventory investment guidelines; 
 Approval and funding of land and lot acquisitions; 
 Monitoring and analysis of profitability, returns, costs and inventory levels; 
 Risk and litigation management; 
 Environmental assessments of land and lot acquisitions; 
 Technology systems to support management of operations, marketing and financial information, including preventing, monitoring and reporting of cybersecurity issues; 
 Accounting and management reporting; 
 Income taxes; 
 Internal audit; 
 Public reporting and investor and media relations; 
 Administration of payroll and employee benefits; 
 Negotiation of national purchasing contracts; 
 Administration, reporting and monitoring of customer surveys and resolutions of issues; and 
 Approval of major personnel decisions and management incentive compensation plans. 
 
 Land/Lot Acquisition and Inventory Management 
 
 We acquire land for use in our operations after we have completed due diligence and generally after we have obtained the rights (known as entitlements) to begin development or construction work resulting in an acceptable number of residential lots. Before we acquire lots or tracts of land, we complete a feasibility study, which includes soil tests, independent environmental studies, other engineering work and financial analysis. We also evaluate the status of necessary zoning and other governmental entitlements required to develop and use the property for home construction. 
 
 We also enter into land/lot contracts, in which we obtain the right, but generally not the obligation, to buy land or lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with anticipated home closings or planned development. These contracts generally are non-recourse, which limits our financial exposure to our earnest money deposited into escrow under the terms of the contract and any pre-acquisition due diligence costs we incur. This enables us to control land and lot positions with limited capital investment, which substantially reduces the risks associated with land ownership. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We attempt to mitigate our exposure to real estate inventory risks by: 
 Controlling our level of inventory investment and managing our supply of land/lots owned and controlled through purchase contracts to match the expected housing demand in each of our operating markets; 
 Monitoring local market and demographic trends, housing preferences and related economic developments, including the identification of desirable housing submarkets based on the quality of local schools, new job opportunities, local growth initiatives and personal income trends; 
 Utilizing land/lot purchase contracts and seeking to acquire developed lots which are substantially ready for home construction, where possible; and 
 Monitoring and managing the number of speculative homes (homes under construction without an executed sales contract) built in each subdivision. 
 
 Land Development and Home Construction 
 
 Substantially all of our land development and home construction work is performed by subcontractors. Subcontractors typically are selected after a competitive bidding process and are retained for a specific subdivision or series of house plans pursuant to a contract that obligates the subcontractor to complete the scope of work at an agreed-upon price. We employ land development and construction personnel to monitor construction activities, participate in major building decisions, coordinate the activities of subcontractors and suppliers, review the work of subcontractors for quality and cost controls and monitor compliance with zoning and building codes. In addition, our construction personnel interact with our homebuyers during the construction process and instruct buyers on post-closing home maintenance. 
 
 Our home designs are selected or prepared in each of our markets to appeal to local homebuyers expectations for affordability, home size and features, and our local management teams adjust product offerings to meet buyer demand as necessary. In some communities, we offer optional interior and exterior features to homebuyers for an additional charge. 
 
 We typically do not maintain significant inventories of land development or construction materials, except for work in progress materials for active development projects and homes under construction. Generally, the construction materials used in our operations have been readily available from numerous sources, and we have contracts exceeding one year with certain suppliers of building materials that are cancelable at our option. Construction time for our homes depends on the availability of labor, materials and supplies, the weather, the size of the home and other factors. We completed the construction of most homes in two to five months in fiscal 2024. 
 
 We are subject to governmental regulations that affect our land development and construction operations. We frequently experience delays in receiving the necessary approvals from municipalities or other government agencies, which often delays our anticipated development and construction activities. 
 
 Cost Controls 
 
 We control construction costs by designing our homes efficiently, utilizing common house plans as consistently as possible and obtaining competitive bids for construction materials and labor. We also negotiate pricing from our subcontractors and suppliers based on the volume of services and products we purchase on a local, regional and national basis. We monitor our land development expenditures and construction costs versus budgets for each house and community, and we review our inventory levels, margins, expenses, profitability and returns for each operating market compared to both its business plan and our performance expectations. 
 
 We control overhead costs by centralizing certain accounting and administrative functions, monitoring staffing and compensation levels and by applying technology to business processes to improve productivity where practical. We review other general and administrative costs to identify efficiencies and savings opportunities in our operating divisions and our regional and corporate offices. We also direct most of our promotional activities toward digital marketing initiatives and local real estate brokers, which we believe are efficient uses of our marketing expenditures. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing and Sales 
 
 We primarily use the D.R. Horton brand name to market and sell our homes. We offer various floor plans and product types with a primary focus on the first time and first time move-up homebuyer, which account for the majority of our home closings. We also offer entry-level homes for buyers focused on affordability, higher-end move-up and luxury homes and homes for active adult buyers seeking a low-maintenance lifestyle. 
 
 We market and sell our homes primarily through commissioned employees, and the majority of our home closings also involve an independent real estate broker. We typically conduct home sales from sales offices located in furnished model homes in each subdivision, and we generally do not offer our model homes for sale until the completion of a subdivision. Our sales personnel assist prospective homebuyers by providing floor plans and pricing information, demonstrating the features and layouts of our homes and assisting with the selection of options, if available. We train and inform our sales personnel regarding construction schedules and marketing and advertising plans. As market conditions warrant, we may provide potential homebuyers with a variety of incentives to be competitive in a particular market or to attain our targeted sales pace. 
 
 We market our homes and communities to prospective homebuyers and real estate brokers digitally, through email, search engine marketing, social media and our company website and other real estate websites. We also use billboards, radio, television and print media and advertising locally as necessary. We attempt to position our subdivisions in locations that are desirable to potential homebuyers and convenient to or visible from local traffic patterns. Model homes play an important role in our marketing efforts, and we strive to create an attractive atmosphere in our model homes. 
 
 We also build speculative homes in essentially all of our communities, which allow us to compete effectively with existing homes available in the market and improve our returns. These homes enhance our marketing and sales efforts to prospective homebuyers who are renters or who are relocating to these markets and require a home within a short time frame, as well as to independent brokers who represent these homebuyers. We determine our speculative homes strategy in each market based on local market factors, such as new job growth and relocations, housing demand and supply, seasonality, current sales contract cancellation trends and our past experience in the market. We attempt to maintain a level of speculative home inventory in each community based on our current and planned sales pace, and we monitor and adjust speculative home inventory on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Sales Contracts and Backlog 
 
 Our sales contracts require an earnest money deposit which varies in amount across our markets and communities. Additionally, customers are generally required to pay additional deposits if they select options or upgrade features for their homes. Our sales contracts include a financing contingency which permits customers to cancel and receive a refund of their deposit if they cannot obtain mortgage financing at prevailing or specified interest rates within a defined period. Our contracts may include other contingencies, such as the sale of the customer s existing home. We either retain or refund customer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances. 
 
 Sales order backlog represents homes under contract but not yet closed at the end of the period. At September 30, 2024, the value of our backlog of sales orders was 4.8 billion (12,180 homes), a decrease of 19 from 5.9 billion (15,197 homes) at September 30, 2023. The average sales price of homes in backlog was 391,700 at September 30, 2024, up from the 389,800 average at September 30, 2023. Many of the contracts in our sales order backlog are subject to contingencies, such as those described above, which can result in cancellations. As a percentage of gross sales orders, cancellations of sales contracts were 18 in fiscal 2024 compared to 20 in fiscal 2023. 
 
 The length of time between the signing of a sales contract for a home and delivery of the home to the buyer (closing) is generally from one to four months; therefore, substantially all of the homes in our sales backlog at September 30, 2024 are scheduled to close in fiscal 2025. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Service and Quality Control 
 
 Our homebuilding operating divisions are responsible for pre-closing quality control inspections and responding to customers post-closing needs. We believe that a prompt and courteous response to homebuyers needs during and after construction reduces post-closing repair costs, enhances our reputation for quality and service and ultimately leads to repeat and referral business from the real estate community and homebuyers. We typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. The subcontractors who perform the actual construction also provide us with warranties on workmanship and are expected to respond to us and the homeowner in a timely manner. In addition, some of our suppliers provide manufacturer s warranties on specified products installed in the home. 
 
 Rental Properties 
 
 Our single-family rental operations construct and lease single-family homes within a community and then generally market each community for a bulk sale of rental homes. We sold 3,970 single-family rental homes in fiscal 2024 compared to 6,175 homes in fiscal 2023. Our multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease and sell residential rental properties. We primarily focus on constructing garden style apartment communities in high growth suburban markets. We sold 2,202 multi-family rental units in fiscal 2024 compared to 2,112 units in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Forestar Residential Lot Development Operations 
 
 We own approximately 62 of the outstanding shares of Forestar, a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 59 markets across 24 states as of September 30, 2024. Forestar is a key part of our homebuilding strategy to maintain relationships with land developers and to control a large portion of our land and lot position through land purchase contracts. Forestar is investing in land acquisition and development to expand its residential lot development business across a geographically diversified national platform and consolidate market share in the fragmented U.S. lot development industry. Our homebuilding operations acquire finished lots from Forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies. A shared services agreement is in place whereby we provide Forestar certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services. As the controlling shareholder, we have significant influence in guiding the strategic direction and operations of Forestar. 
 
 Customer Mortgage Financing 
 
 We provide mortgage financing services primarily to purchasers of our homes in the majority of our homebuilding markets through DHI Mortgage, our wholly-owned subsidiary. DHI Mortgage assists in the sales transaction by coordinating the mortgage application, mortgage commitment and home closing processes to facilitate a timely and efficient experience for our homebuyers. During the year ended September 30, 2024, DHI Mortgage provided mortgage financing services for 78 of the homes closed by our homebuilding operations, and those loans accounted for virtually all of DHI Mortgage s total loan volume. Our homebuilding divisions may also work with additional mortgage lenders that offer a range of mortgage financing programs to our homebuyers. 
 
 To limit the risks associated with our mortgage operations, DHI Mortgage originates loan products that we believe can be sold to third-party purchasers of mortgage loans, the majority of which are eligible for sale to Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) or Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae). DHI Mortgage sells substantially all of the loans and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers after origination with limited recourse provisions. DHI Mortgage centralizes most of its control and oversight functions, including those related to loan underwriting, quality control, regulatory compliance, secondary marketing of loans, hedging activities, accounting and financial reporting. 
 
 Title Services 
 
 Through our subsidiary title companies, we serve as a title insurance agent in many of our homebuilding markets by providing title insurance policies, examination, underwriting and closing services primarily to our homebuilding customers. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 
 People and Culture 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we employed 14,766 people, of whom 10,071 work in our homebuilding operations, 3,149 in our financial services operations, 596 at our corporate office, 505 in our rental operations, 393 at our Forestar subsidiary and 52 in our other businesses. Of our homebuilding employees, 3,897 are involved in construction, 2,779 are sales and marketing personnel and 3,395 are office personnel. 
 
 We believe the people who work for our company are our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We focus significant attention toward attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations. Our people are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must certify annually to their understanding of and adhere to a code of conduct that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required internal training on preventing, identifying, reporting and stopping any type of discrimination. 
 
 Recruitment, Development and Retention 
 
 We are committed to hiring, developing and supporting an energetic, diverse workforce and maintaining a productive, positive and inclusive workplace. We believe diversity in the workplace produces unique perspectives and fresh ideas and helps us better serve our customers. We have an active recruiting team that partners with college campuses and external organizations to identify strong new hires and experienced professionals. Our paid internship program provides college students and recent graduates an opportunity to work alongside some of the most experienced professionals in the homebuilding industry. Our management team also supports a culture of developing future leaders from our existing workforce, enabling us to promote from within for many leadership positions. We believe this provides long-term focus and continuity to our operations while also providing opportunities for the growth and advancement of our employees. During fiscal 2024, we held specialized trainings for employees within key business functions of our homebuilding operations, such as purchasing, construction, sales and financial management, as well as our Leadership Development Program, which provides internal training for future leaders across all of our operations. During the fiscal year, 17 employees were placed into a new homebuilding market leadership position, and of those 100 were promoted from within the organization. 
 
 The long-term retention of our employees provides us with an experienced, cohesive workforce, which has been vital to achieving our goals. Our focus on retention is evident in the length of service of our executive, regional and divisional management teams. The average tenure of our executive team is 27 years, our homebuilding region presidents and vice presidents is 20 years and our homebuilding division presidents and city managers is 13 years. Our Board of Directors (Board) is actively involved in our company s executive leadership succession planning and is equally committed to our culture of promoting rising talent from within. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 We believe our compensation package and benefits are competitive with others in our industry. In addition to base pay, eligible employees may participate in our incentive bonus and stock compensation plans, which align their compensation to the interests of our shareholders. A substantial portion of our executive and senior operating leadership s total compensation is variable, at-risk pay based on our company s performance. We also offer our employees a broad range of benefits, including paid vacation, holidays, sick time and parental leave; medical, dental and vision healthcare insurance; and life insurance and disability coverage. Additional benefits offered include a 401(k) savings plan, employee stock purchase plan and access to professional resources to support employees with their mental and physical health, financial planning, identity theft protection and legal needs. We are committed to supporting our employees in their health, wellness and financial planning goals. We host events and challenges, both virtually and in person, to encourage our employees to stay active and healthy. Additional information about our compensation and employee benefit plans is included in Note K to the accompanying financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Workplace Safety and Wellness 
 
 The safety and well-being of our employees is our first priority. We take workplace safety seriously at our construction sites and in our offices. We provide third-party training for our field personnel to become certified by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. We also provide our teams with many safety resources, including safety checklists, policies, procedures and best practices, and we communicate with all of our employees through a monthly safety newsletter to inform and reinforce our commitment to and concern for their well-being. Additionally, because substantially all of our land development and home construction work is performed by subcontractors, we require that our subcontractors maintain safety programs as well. 
 
 Additional information regarding human capital is available in the ESG section of our Investor Relations website at investor.drhorton.com. 
 
 Environmental, Social Governance (ESG) 
 
 We publish consistent and relevant ESG information on an annual basis. Our most recent ESG report published in January 2024 includes data aligned with the homebuilders industry reporting standards prepared by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, now a part of the International Sustainability Standards Board. Our ESG report is not considered part of or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. The report also covers topics that are of significant importance to our company and our stakeholders, including, but not limited to: 
 Risk management; 
 Board oversight, ethics, diversity and independence; 
 Home affordability and community impact; 
 Home energy efficiency, quality and safety; 
 Workplace health and safety; 
 Talent retention and employee well-being; 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion; 
 Responsible land development; 
 Water management and efficiency; and 
 Greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
 Business Acquisitions 
 
 We routinely evaluate opportunities to profitably expand our operations, including potential acquisitions of other homebuilding or related businesses. Acquisitions of homebuilding and related businesses usually provide us with immediate land and home inventories and control of additional land and lot positions through purchase contracts. Also, employees of acquired businesses generally have specialized knowledge of local market conditions, including existing relationships with municipalities, land owners, developers, subcontractors and suppliers. These inventory positions and local market knowledge and relationships could take us several years to develop through our own efforts. We seek to limit the risks associated with acquiring other companies by conducting extensive operational, financial and legal due diligence on each acquisition and by performing financial analysis to determine that each acquisition is expected to have a positive impact on our earnings, returns and strategic position. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We operate as a provider of residential housing in both the for sale and rental markets, which are highly competitive. We compete not only for homebuyers and renters, but also for desirable properties, raw materials, skilled labor and financing. We compete with local, regional and national homebuilding and rental companies and also with existing home sales and rental properties. We compete on the basis of price, location, quality and design of our homes and on mortgage financing terms. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 The competitors to our financial services businesses include other mortgage lenders and title companies, including national, regional and local mortgage banks and other financial institutions. Some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than we do, may operate with different lending criteria and/or may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers. We strive to provide flexible, fairly priced financing alternatives subject to applicable regulations. 
 
 Our businesses compete with other companies across all industries to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, managers and executives. Competition for the services of these individuals increases as business conditions improve in the industries in which we operate and in the general economy. 
 
 Governmental Regulations and Environmental Matters 
 
 We operate in industries that are subject to extensive and complex regulations. We and the subcontractors we use must comply with many federal, state and local laws and regulations. These include zoning, density and development requirements and building, environmental, advertising, labor and real estate sales rules and regulations. These regulations and requirements affect substantially all aspects of our land development and home design, construction and sales processes in varying degrees across our markets. Our homes are inspected by local authorities where required, and homes eligible for insurance or guarantees provided by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) are subject to inspection by them. These regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities. In addition, our new housing developments may be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets, utilities and other public improvements. 
 
 Our construction and land development activities are also subject to an extensive array of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning protection of health, safety and the environment. The particular compliance requirements for each site vary greatly according to location, environmental condition and the present and former uses of the site and adjoining properties. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with existing environmental regulations applicable to our business. Additionally, our compliance with such regulations has not had, nor is it expected to have, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, changes in regulations, such as the Minimum Energy Standards recently adopted by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), the climate-related disclosure legislation recently enacted by the State of California and the climate-related disclosure rules adopted by the SEC, which are currently under judicial review, could increase our costs to comply with such regulations, as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Our mortgage company must comply with extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. These laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending and real estate settlement procedures. As a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes in our homebuilding operations and generate greater revenues and pre-tax income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. The seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in the working capital requirements for our operations. As a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. They describe various risks and uncertainties we are or may become subject to, many of which are difficult to predict or beyond our control. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. These risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a material and adverse manner. 
 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations 
 
 Our homebuilding, rental and land development operations are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate or other conditions that could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Our homebuilding, rental and land development operations are cyclical and are significantly affected by changes in general and local economic and real estate conditions, such as: 
 employment levels; 
 consumer confidence and spending; 
 housing demand; 
 availability of financing for homebuyers; 
 availability of financing for companies that purchase our rental properties; 
 interest rates; 
 inflation; 
 availability and prices of new homes and existing homes for sale and availability and market values of rental properties; and 
 demographic trends. 
 
 Adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy may negatively impact our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and write-offs. Changes in these economic conditions may affect some of our regions or markets more than others. If adverse conditions affect our larger markets, they could have a proportionately greater impact on us than on some other companies. 
 
 The federal government s fiscal policies and the Federal Reserve s monetary policies may negatively impact the financial markets and consumer confidence and could hurt the U.S. economy and the housing and rental markets and in turn, could adversely affect the operating results of our businesses. In response to increased inflation, the Federal Reserve has raised interest rates significantly in recent years, which, notwithstanding the recent reduction, has resulted in higher mortgage interest rates. The increase in mortgage interest rates has reduced the affordability of our homes and has required us to use pricing adjustments and incentives to adapt to current market conditions. Prolonged periods of elevated mortgage interest rates or further increases in mortgage interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 Deployments of U.S. military personnel to foreign regions, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or threats to national security and any corresponding response by the United States or others, domestic or international instability or social or political unrest may cause an economic slowdown in the markets where we operate, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 If we experience any of the foregoing, potential customers may be less willing or able to buy our homes or our rental properties. Additionally, cancellations of home sales contracts in backlog may increase if homebuyers do not honor their contracts due to any of the factors discussed above. Our pricing and product strategies may also be limited by market conditions. We may be unable to change the pricing or mix of our home or rental offerings, reduce the costs of the homes or properties we build, offer more affordable homes or rental properties or satisfactorily address changing market conditions in other ways without adversely affecting our profits and returns. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Our financial services business is closely related to our homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans principally to purchasers of the homes we build. A decrease in the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters will also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of our business. An increase in the default rate on the mortgages we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell the mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages or may increase our recourse obligations for previous originations. We may be responsible for losses associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to third-party purchasers in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in the connection with the loan, and we may be required to repurchase certain of those mortgage loans or provide indemnification. Repurchased mortgage loans and/or the settlement of claims associated with such loans could adversely affect our business and financial results. We establish reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. Additionally, we may retain mortgage servicing rights on our originations. As servicer for these loans, we may incur losses by having to advance payments to the mortgage-backed securities (MBS) bondholders to the extent there are insufficient collections to satisfy the required principal and interest remittances of the underlying MBS. 
 
 Adverse developments affecting the capital markets and financial institutions could limit our ability to access capital, increase our cost of capital and impact our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 During past economic and housing downturns, the credit markets constricted and reduced some sources of liquidity that were previously available to us. Consequently, we relied principally on our cash on hand to meet our working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness during those times. Adverse developments affecting the capital markets and financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may limit our ability to access the public debt markets or obtain bank financing or may increase our cost of capital. The failure of a bank or other adverse conditions impacting financial institutions where we have cash balances could adversely impact our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 Our homebuilding operations utilize a 2.19 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. Our homebuilding revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100 of the total revolving credit commitments. The maturity date of the facility is October 28, 2027. Our homebuilding revolving credit facility and our homebuilding senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. s significant wholly-owned homebuilding subsidiaries. 
 
 Forestar has a 410 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The Forestar revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of 100 million and 50 of the total revolving credit commitments. The maturity date of the facility is October 28, 2026. The Forestar revolving credit facility is guaranteed by Forestar s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries and have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. The Forestar revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, rental or financial services operations. 
 
 Our rental subsidiary, DRH Rental, has a 1.05 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 2.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. Availability under the rental revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of DRH Rental s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. The rental revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of 100 million and 50 of the total revolving credit commitments. The maturity date of the facility is October 10, 2027. The rental revolving credit facility is guaranteed by DRH Rental s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries and have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. The rental revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, Forestar or financial services operations. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, utilizes a 1.6 billion committed mortgage repurchase facility to finance the majority of the loans it originates. Adverse changes in market conditions could make the renewal of this facility more difficult or could result in an increase in the cost of this facility or a decrease in the committed amounts. Such changes affecting our mortgage repurchase facility may also make it more difficult or costly to sell the mortgages that we originate. The maturity date of the committed mortgage repurchase facility is May 9, 2025. DHI Mortgage also utilizes an uncommitted mortgage repurchase facility, which had a capacity of 500 million at September 30, 2024. The mortgage repurchase facilities are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, rental or Forestar operations. 
 
 We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock under our 4.0 billion stock repurchase authorization and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. D.R. Horton, Inc. has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in July 2024, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. Forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in September 2024, registering 750 million of equity securities. As market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. We believe that our existing cash resources, together with the homebuilding, rental and Forestar revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facilities and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. Adverse changes in economic, homebuilding or capital market conditions could negatively affect our business, liquidity and financial results, restrict our ability to obtain additional capital or increase our costs of capital. 
 
 Reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates could decrease our buyers ability to obtain financing and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 The mortgage loans originated by our financial services operations are primarily eligible for sale to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae and are typically sold to third-party purchasers. The secondary market for mortgage loans continues to primarily desire securities backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, and we believe the liquidity these agencies provide to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. Any significant change regarding the long-term structure and viability of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could result in adjustments to the size of their loan portfolios and to guidelines for their loan products. Additionally, a reduction in the availability of financing provided by these institutions could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage availability and sales of new homes and mortgage loans. During fiscal 2024, approximately 73 of our mortgage loans were sold directly to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or into securities backed by Ginnie Mae, and 26 were sold to one other major financial entity. On an ongoing basis, we seek to establish loan purchase arrangements with additional financial entities. If we are unable to sell mortgage loans to purchasers on attractive terms, our ability to originate and sell mortgage loans at competitive prices could be limited, which would negatively affect our profitability. 
 
 The FHA insures mortgage loans that generally have lower credit requirements and is an important source for financing the sale of our homes. Changes, restrictions or significant premium increases in FHA programs in the future may negatively affect the availability or affordability of FHA financing, which could adversely affect our ability to sell homes. 
 
 Some of our customers may qualify for 100 financing through programs offered by the VA and the USDA and certain other housing finance agencies. These programs are subject to changes in regulations, lending standards and government funding levels. There can be no assurances that these programs or other programs will continue to be available in our homebuilding markets or that they will be as attractive to our customers as the programs currently offered, which could negatively affect our sales. 
 
 Mortgage interest rates have increased significantly in recent years, and market conditions and government actions could cause mortgage rates to rise even further in the future. When interest rates increase, the cost of owning a home increases, which reduces the number of potential homebuyers who can obtain mortgage financing and can result in a decline in the demand for our homes. 

15 

Table of Contents 

The risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding, rental and Forestar businesses. There are risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land. If housing demand declines, we may not be able to sell homes or rental properties profitably in some of our communities, and we may not be able to fully recover the costs of some of the land and lots we own. Also, the values of our owned undeveloped land, lots and inventories may fluctuate significantly due to changes in market conditions. As a result, our deposits for lots controlled through purchase contracts may be put at risk, we may have to sell homes, rental properties or land for a lower profit margin or record inventory impairment charges on our land and lots. A significant deterioration in economic or homebuilding industry conditions may result in substantial inventory impairment charges. 
 
 We cannot make any assurances that our growth strategies, acquisitions, investments or other strategic initiatives will be successful or will not expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. 
 
 In recent years, we have primarily grown our business by increasing our investments in land, lot and home inventories in our existing homebuilding markets. We have also expanded through investments in new product offerings, new geographic markets and the growth of our rental property operations. Investments in land, lots, home inventories and rental properties can expose us to risks of economic loss and asset impairments if housing conditions weaken or if we are unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategies. 
 
 We have acquired the operations of several companies in recent years, and we may make strategic acquisitions of or investments in other companies, operations or assets in the future. Such acquisitions and investments may have risks similar to those related to land, lots and home inventories, but they may also expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. These transactions, or our other strategic initiatives, may not advance our business strategy, provide a satisfactory return on our investment or provide other benefits we anticipate. Also, the integration of these transactions may not be successful and may require significant time and resources, which may divert management s attention from other operations. Acquisitions and investments could also raise new compliance-related obligations or expose us to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process that may lead to litigation. If these transactions under-perform our expectations or are unsuccessful, we may incur significant expenses or write-offs of inventory, other assets or intangible assets such as goodwill. Acquisitions and investments can result in dilution to existing stockholders if we issue our common stock as consideration and can increase our debt levels or reduce our liquidity if we purchase them with cash. The magnitude, timing and nature of any future acquisitions or investments will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to identify suitable additional markets or acquisition candidates, the negotiation of acceptable terms, our financial position and general economic and business conditions. We also may seek to divest an investment or a business and may have difficulty selling such investment or business on acceptable terms in a timely manner. 
 
 Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation. 
 
 During the past three years, the economy has experienced significant inflationary pressures. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials, labor and our cost of capital. In an effort to lower the rate of inflation, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates significantly, which has resulted in higher mortgage interest rates. The increase in mortgage interest rates has reduced the affordability of our homes and has required us to use pricing adjustments and incentives to adapt to current market conditions, which result in lower gross margins. If inflation and mortgage interest rates remain high or increase, housing affordability may be further impacted, which could reduce our profit margins and have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 Alternatively, a significant period of deflation could cause a decrease in overall spending and borrowing levels. This could lead to deterioration in economic conditions, including an increase in the rate of unemployment. Deflation could also cause the value of our inventories to decline or reduce the value of existing homes below the related mortgage loan balance, which could potentially increase the supply of existing homes. These or other factors related to deflation could have a negative impact on our business and financial results. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Supply shortages and other risks related to acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor and obtaining regulatory approvals could increase our costs and delay deliveries. 
 
 The homebuilding and lot development industries have from time to time experienced significant difficulties that can affect the cost or timing of construction, including: 
 difficulty in acquiring land suitable for residential building at affordable prices in locations where our potential customers want to live; 
 delays in receiving the necessary approvals from municipalities or other government agencies; 
 shortages of qualified subcontractors; 
 reliance on local subcontractors, manufacturers, distributors and land developers who may be inadequately capitalized; 
 shortages of materials; and 
 significant increases in the cost of materials, particularly increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are significant components of home construction costs. 
 
 During the last few years, we experienced multiple disruptions in our supply chain, which resulted in shortages of certain building materials and tightness in the labor market. This caused our construction cycle to lengthen and costs of building materials to increase. We began to see improvements in our construction cycle time in fiscal 2023 and our cycle times have recently normalized; however, if shortages and cost increases in building materials and tightness in the labor market increase, our construction cycle time and profit margins could be adversely impacted. 
 
 In addition, tariffs, duties and/or trade restrictions imposed or increased on imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of our homes, including steel, aluminum and lumber, may raise our costs for these items or for the products made with them. These factors may cause construction delays or cause us to incur more costs building our homes. 
 
 Public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 The U.S. and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. In the event of a widespread, prolonged, actual or perceived outbreak of any contagious disease, such as COVID-19, our operations could be negatively impacted. Such events have had, and could in the future have, an effect on our operations, including a reduction in customer traffic, a disruption in our supply chain, tightness in the labor market or other factors, all of which could reduce demand for our homes. These or other repercussions of a public health crisis that affect the global economy could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by weather conditions and natural disasters. 
 
 Physical risks, including weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic activity, droughts, floods, hailstorms, heavy or prolonged precipitation, wildfires and others, can harm our business. Additionally, the physical impacts of climate change may cause these occurrences to increase in frequency, severity and duration. Any such events can temporarily delay our development work, home construction and home closings, unfavorably affect the cost or availability of materials or labor, damage homes under construction, lead to changing consumer preferences and/or negatively impact demand for new homes in affected areas. We have experienced temporary delays in production and short-term impacts on our sales and closings activity from weather events in recent years. There have been no material lasting impacts on our business from these events or material permanent operational challenges resulting from these events, but they could adversely affect our business in the future. The climates and geology of many of the states in which we operate, including California, Florida, Texas and other coastal areas where we have some of our larger operations and which have experienced recent natural disasters, present increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Homebuilding is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant. 
 
 We are subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain construction materials. Despite our detailed specifications and monitoring of the construction process, our subcontractors occasionally do not meet adequate quality standards in the construction of our homes. When we find these issues, we repair them in accordance with our warranty obligations. We spend significant resources to repair items in homes we have sold to fulfill the warranties we issued to our homebuyers. Additionally, we are subject to construction defect claims which can be costly to defend and resolve in the legal system. Warranty and construction defect matters can also result in negative publicity which can damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to sell homes. 
 
 Based on the large number of homes we have sold over the years, our potential liabilities related to warranty and construction defect claims are significant. Consequently, we have generally maintained product liability insurance each year, and we seek to obtain indemnities and certificates of insurance from subcontractors covering claims related to their workmanship and materials. We establish warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built. Because of the uncertainties inherent to these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements and our reserves will be adequate to address all of our future warranty and construction defect claims. Contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. Additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of product liability insurance for construction defects is limited and costly. We have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by self-insuring our risk in recent years and by increasing our self-insured retentions and claim reserves. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. If costs to resolve our future warranty and construction defect claims exceed our estimates, our financial results and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 
 A health and safety incident relating to our operations could be costly in terms of potential liability and reputational damage. 
 
 Building and land development sites are inherently dangerous, and operating in this industry poses certain inherent health and safety risks. Due to health and safety regulatory requirements and the number of homes we construct, health and safety performance is critical to the success of our business. Any failure in health and safety performance may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, and a failure that results in a major or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly and could expose us to liability that could be costly. Such an incident could generate significant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on our reputation, our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies or governmental authorities, and our ability to attract customers and employees, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and liquidity. 
 
 We are required to obtain performance bonds, the unavailability of which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance or obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. At September 30, 2024, we had 3.5 billion of outstanding surety bonds. Our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance and other factors, including the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. If we are unable to obtain surety bonds when required, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Increases in the costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage loan interest and state and local income and property taxes, have historically been deductible expenses for an individual s federal income taxes, subject to various limitations. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 established new limits on these federal tax deductions. Further changes in income tax laws by the federal or state government to eliminate or substantially reduce income tax benefits associated with homeownership could adversely affect demand for and sales prices of new homes. 
 
 In addition, increases in property tax rates by local governmental authorities, as experienced in some areas in response to reduced federal and state funding, could adversely affect the amount of financing our potential customers could obtain or their desire to purchase new homes. 
 
 Further, existing and prospective regulatory and societal initiatives intended to reduce potential climate change impacts may increase the upfront costs of purchasing a home, costs to maintain the home and its systems, energy and utility costs and the cost to obtain homeowner and various hazard and flood insurance, or limit homeowners ability to obtain these insurance policies altogether. Although these items have had no material effect on our business, they could adversely affect our business in the future. 
 
 Information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 
 We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the Internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber incidents, ransomware attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. Additionally, phishing attacks, whereby perpetrators attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, vendors or other users of a company s systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to its data, have increased significantly in recent years. With the use of artificial intelligence, these phishing attacks may contain highly convincing language making them difficult to distinguish from legitimate messages. The use of remote work environments and virtual platforms may increase our risk of cyber incidents or data security breaches. Further, geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create a heightened risk of cyber incidents or other data security breaches. Our normal business activities involve collecting and storing information specific to our homebuyers, renters, employees, vendors and suppliers and maintaining operational and financial information related to our business, both in an office setting and remote locations as needed. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls, or those of the third parties we work with, could include the theft or release of this information. The unintended or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying and confidential information as a result of a security breach by any means could lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by the affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators. The outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a significant negative impact on our business. 
 
 We may also be required to incur significant costs to protect against damages caused by information technology failures, security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the future as legal requirements continue to increase. The European Union and other international regulators, as well as state governments, have enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, such as the California Privacy Rights Act, and other governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. These regulations impose certain obligations for handling specified personal information in our systems, including notifying individuals regarding information we have collected from them. We have incurred costs in an effort to comply with these requirements, but our costs may increase significantly if new requirements are enacted and based on how individuals exercise their rights. Any loss of sensitive information and failure to comply with these requirements or other applicable laws and regulations in this area could result in substantial penalties, reputational damage or litigation. 

19 

Table of Contents 

We routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures, which include multiple redundant safeguards, to protect our systems and data. We use various encryption, tokenization and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and increasingly leverage sophisticated technologies such as artificial intelligence, they often are not recognized until launched against a target. As such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, to implement adequate preventative measures or to identify and investigate cybersecurity incidents. We may also incur costs to adapt our cybersecurity program to the evolving threat landscape and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other identified risks. 
 
 Although past cybersecurity incidents have not had a material effect on our business or operations to date, in the future, a data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers. Additionally, if a cybersecurity incident is determined to be material, we are subject to additional reporting requirements. We cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber incident, data theft or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
 
 Governmental regulations and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our land development and housing projects and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 We are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect land development and home construction, including zoning, density restrictions, building design and building standards. These regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved, if approved at all. We are subject to determinations by these authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads or other local services. New housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. In addition, government authorities in many markets have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. Any of these may limit, delay or increase the costs of development or home construction. 
 
 We are also subject to a significant number and variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, labor standards and the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. These matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation, mitigation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. Government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our business that can be significant. 
 
 In recent years, advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public have expressed growing concerns regarding the effects of climate change on the environment. Transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on land development and home construction in certain areas. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our operating and compliance costs or require additional technology and capital investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations. This is a particular concern in the western United States, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and residential building construction standards in the country have been enacted, and where we have business operations. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with existing climate-related government restrictions, standards and regulations applicable to our business, and such compliance has not had a material impact on our business. However, given the rapidly changing nature of environmental laws and matters that may arise that are not currently known, we cannot predict our future exposure concerning such matters, and our future costs to achieve compliance or remedy potential violations could be significant. 

20 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, actual or perceived ESG and other sustainability matters and our response to these matters could harm our business. Increasing governmental and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor, cybersecurity and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. In March 2024, the SEC adopted new rules regarding climate-related disclosures. Though these rules are currently being challenged in legal proceedings and their effectiveness has been stayed by the SEC, these rules, if they become effective, would require public companies to make a wide range of climate-related disclosures. Similarly, the State of California has recently enacted its own legislation requiring extensive climate-related disclosures for companies deemed to be doing business in California, and other states are considering similar laws. Any of the above factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 
 The subcontractors we rely on to perform the actual construction of our homes are also subject to a significant number of local, state and federal laws and regulations, including laws involving matters that are not within our control. If the subcontractors who construct our homes fail to comply with all applicable laws, we can suffer reputational damage, and may be exposed to possible liability. 
 
 We are also subject to an extensive number of laws and regulations because our common stock and debt securities and the common stock and debt securities of our Forestar subsidiary are publicly traded in the capital markets. These regulations govern our communications with our shareholders and the capital markets, our financial statement disclosures and our legal processes, and they also impact the work required to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and our legal counsel. Changes in these laws and regulations, including the subsequent implementation of rules by the administering government authorities, may require us to incur additional compliance costs, and such costs may be significant. 
 
 Governmental regulation of our financial services operations could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. These laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including but not limited to licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending and real estate settlement procedures. As a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. Additional future regulations or changing rule interpretations and examinations by regulatory agencies may result in more stringent compliance standards and could adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 
 We operate in competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 We operate in the residential housing industry, which is highly competitive. We compete not only for homebuyers and renters, but also for desirable properties, raw materials, skilled labor and financing. We compete with local, regional and national homebuilding and rental companies and also with existing home sales and rental properties. These competitive conditions can negatively affect our sales volumes, selling prices, leased occupancy levels, rental rates and incentive levels, reduce our profit margins, and cause the value of our inventory or other assets to be impaired. Competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or terms, or cause delays in land development or in construction. 
 
 The competitors to our financial services businesses include other mortgage lenders and title companies, including national, regional and local mortgage banks and other financial institutions. Some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than we do, may operate with different lending criteria and/or may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers. 
 
 Our businesses compete with other companies across all industries to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, managers and executives. If we are unable to attract and retain key employees, managers or executives, our business could be adversely affected. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 
 We have significant amounts of debt and may incur additional debt, which could affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or potential acquisitions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated debt was 5.9 billion, which consisted of 2.9 billion related to our homebuilding segment, 1.5 billion related to our financial services segment, 751 million related to our rental segment and 706 million related to our Forestar segment. The indenture governing our homebuilding senior notes does not restrict the incurrence of future unsecured debt by us or our homebuilding subsidiaries or the incurrence of secured or unsecured debt by our non-guarantor subsidiaries, and the agreement governing our homebuilding revolving credit facility allows us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. Also, the indenture governing our homebuilding senior notes and the agreement governing our homebuilding revolving credit facility impose restrictions on our ability and on that of the guarantors under our homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility to incur debt secured by certain assets, but still permit us and our homebuilding subsidiaries to incur significant amounts of additional secured debt. The rental revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on the ability of DRH Rental and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured and unsecured debt, but still permits DRH Rental and its restricted subsidiaries to incur a substantial amount of future secured and unsecured debt, and does not restrict the incurrence of future secured and unsecured debt by DRH Rental s unrestricted subsidiaries. The Forestar revolving credit facility and the indentures governing Forestar s senior notes impose restrictions on the ability of Forestar and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured and unsecured debt, but still permit Forestar and its restricted subsidiaries to incur a substantial amount of future secured and unsecured debt, and do not restrict the incurrence of future secured and unsecured debt by Forestar s unrestricted subsidiaries. The mortgage repurchase facilities impose restrictions on the ability of DHI Mortgage and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured and unsecured debt, but still permit DHI Mortgage and its restricted subsidiaries to incur a substantial amount of future secured and unsecured debt, and do not restrict the incurrence of future secured and unsecured debt by DHI Mortgage s unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 The amount and the maturities of our debt and the debt of our subsidiaries could have important consequences. For example, possible consequences for our homebuilding, rental, Forestar and financial services operations each with respect to their individual debt obligations, could: 
 require the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payment of debt and reduce the ability to use cash flow for other operating or investing purposes; 
 limit the flexibility to adjust to changes in business or economic conditions; and 
 limit the ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other requirements. 
 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we or our subsidiaries may not have sufficient cash flow from our respective businesses to pay our substantial debt. 
 
 Our ability and that of our subsidiaries to meet our respective debt service obligations will depend, in part, upon our and our subsidiaries future financial performance. Future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report. Our revenues and earnings vary with the level of general economic activity in the markets we serve. Our businesses are also affected by financial and political events and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. The factors that affect our ability to generate cash can also affect our ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of debt or equity, the refinancing of debt or the sale of assets. Changes in prevailing interest rates may affect the cost of our debt service obligations, because borrowings under the homebuilding, rental and Forestar revolving credit facilities and mortgage repurchase facilities bear interest at floating rates. 
 
 The instruments governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness impose certain restrictions on our and our subsidiaries business, and the ability of us and our subsidiaries to comply with related covenants, restrictions or limitations could adversely affect our and our subsidiaries financial condition or operating flexibility. 
 
 The restrictions imposed by our and certain of our subsidiaries indebtedness could limit our or our subsidiaries ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries ability to finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our and our guarantor subsidiaries ability to, among other things, engage in sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain assets, incur secured debt, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. The applicable instruments governing each of DRH Rental s indebtedness and Forestar s indebtedness contain restrictions on the ability of DRH Rental and Forestar, as applicable, and certain of their respective subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets, enter into affiliate transactions and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of DRH Rental s or Forestar s assets, as applicable. 
 
 In addition, the agreements governing certain of our and our subsidiaries debt instruments contain the following financial covenants: 
 
 Homebuilding revolving credit facility. Our homebuilding revolving credit facility contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 Rental and Forestar revolving credit facilities. The rental and Forestar revolving credit facilities each contain financial covenants requiring the maintenance by DRH Rental or Forestar, as applicable, of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction based on the book value of DRH Rental s or Forestar s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the applicable revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 Mortgage repurchase facilities and other restrictions. The mortgage repurchase facilities for our mortgage subsidiary require the maintenance of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a maximum allowable indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio and a minimum level of liquidity by our mortgage subsidiary. A failure to comply with these requirements could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds to our mortgage subsidiary or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. Any difficulty experienced in complying with these covenants could make the renewal of the facilities more difficult or costly. 
 
 In addition, although our financial services business is conducted through subsidiaries that are not restricted by the indentures governing our and Forestar s senior unsecured notes or the agreements governing the homebuilding, rental and Forestar revolving credit facilities, the ability of our financial services subsidiaries to distribute funds to our homebuilding operations would be restricted in the event such distribution would cause an event of default under the mortgage repurchase facilities or if an event of default had occurred under these facilities. Moreover, our right to receive assets from our financial services subsidiaries upon their liquidation or recapitalization is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries. Any claims we may have to funds from our financial services subsidiaries would be subordinate to subsidiary indebtedness to the extent of any security for such indebtedness and to any indebtedness otherwise recognized as senior to our claims. 
 
 Our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our debt ratings. 
 
 Our homebuilding senior unsecured debt is currently rated investment grade by all three major rating agencies; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain these ratings. Any lowering of our debt ratings could make accessing the public capital markets or obtaining additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive. Any lowering of Forestar s debt ratings could also make Forestar s ability to access the public capital markets or obtain additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The instruments governing our indebtedness contain change of control provisions which could affect the timing of repayment. 
 
 Change of control purchase options under our homebuilding senior notes and change of control default under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. Upon the occurrence of both a change of control and a ratings downgrade event, each as defined in the indenture governing our homebuilding senior notes, we will be required to offer to repurchase such notes at 101 of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Moreover, a change of control (as defined in our homebuilding revolving credit facility) would constitute an event of default under our homebuilding revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. If repayment of more than 50 million outstanding under our homebuilding revolving credit facility were accelerated and such acceleration were not rescinded or such indebtedness were not satisfied, in either case within 30 days, an event of default would result under the indenture governing our homebuilding senior notes, entitling the trustee for the notes or holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the relevant series of notes then outstanding to declare all such notes to be due and payable immediately. If purchase offers were required under the indenture for our homebuilding senior notes, repayment of the borrowings under our homebuilding revolving credit facility were required, or if the senior notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that we would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts. 
 
 Change of control purchase option under Forestar s notes and change of control default under the Forestar revolving credit facility. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indentures governing Forestar s notes), Forestar will be required to offer to repurchase Forestar s notes at 101 of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. A change of control (as defined in the Forestar revolving credit facility) with respect to Forestar would constitute an event of default under the Forestar revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the Forestar revolving credit facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. If the maturity of the Forestar revolving credit facility and/or other indebtedness of Forestar and its restricted subsidiaries together having an aggregate principal amount outstanding of 40 million or more is accelerated, an event of default would result under the indentures governing the Forestar notes, entitling the trustee for the Forestar notes or holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Forestar notes to declare all such Forestar notes to be due and payable immediately. If purchase offers were required under the indentures for Forestar s notes, repayment of the borrowings under Forestar s revolving credit facility were required, or if Forestar s notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that Forestar would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts. 
 
 Change of control default under the rental revolving credit facility . A change of control (as defined in the rental revolving credit facility agreement) with respect to DRH Rental would constitute an event of default under the rental revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the rental revolving credit facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. If repayment of the borrowings under the rental revolving credit facility were required, we can give no assurance that DRH Rental would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts. 
 
 Change of control default under mortgage repurchase facilities . A change of control (as defined in the mortgage repurchase facility agreements) with respect to DHI Mortgage would constitute an event of default under the mortgage repurchase facilities, which could result in the acceleration of the repurchase of any loans outstanding under the facilities and an increase in the repurchase price of such loans. If repayments of the loans under DHI Mortgage s mortgage repurchase facilities were required, we can give no assurance that DHI Mortgage would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 General Risk Factors 
 
 Damage to our corporate reputation or brands from negative publicity could adversely affect our business, financial results and/or stock price. 
 
 Adverse publicity related to our company, industry, personnel, operations or business performance may cause damage to our corporate reputation or brands and may generate negative sentiment, potentially affecting the performance of our business or our stock price, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. Our reputation could be adversely affected by actual or perceived failures or concerns related to ethics, compliance, product quality and safety, environmental matters, privacy, diversity and inclusion, human rights, compensation and benefits and corporate governance, among other things. Negative publicity can be disseminated rapidly through digital platforms, including social media, websites, blogs and newsletters. Customers and other interested parties value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction, and our success in preserving our brand image depends on our ability to recognize, respond to and effectively manage negative publicity in a rapidly changing environment. Adverse publicity or unfavorable commentary from any source could damage our reputation, reduce the demand for our homes or negatively impact the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of key personnel. 
 
 We rely on our key personnel to effectively operate and manage our businesses. Specifically, our success depends heavily on the performance of our homebuilding division and region presidents and their management teams, our rental housing management team, our financial services management team, our corporate office management teams, our Forestar management team and our executive officers. These key personnel have significant experience and skills as well as leadership and management abilities that are vital to our success. Our ability to attract and retain our key personnel may be impacted by matters involving reputation, culture, diversity and inclusion, compensation and benefits and our management of executive succession. We seek to retain our key personnel, to have succession and transition plans in place to address the potential loss of key personnel, and to manage personnel transitions due to retirements, promotions, transfers and other circumstances. However, if our retention, succession and transition implementation efforts are unsuccessful, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others. 
 
 We may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations and/or divert the attention of our Board and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Activist stockholders may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy, including with respect to our ESG efforts, which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, potential homebuyers and business partners and may affect our relationships with current homebuyers, subcontractors, investors and other third parties. In addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause periods of fluctuation in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 We have processes in place for assessing, identifying, and managing risks from cybersecurity threats that may result in material adverse effects to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems, operations and data. These processes are a part of our overall risk assessment process. Risks from cybersecurity threats include, among other things, unauthorized access, data theft, computer viruses, ransomware, malicious software and other disruptions. We have implemented systems and processes utilizing a multilayered, proactive approach to identify, evaluate, mitigate and prevent potential cybersecurity threats. Each of these layers contain multiple levels of protection and leverage industry standard framework including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework. At the management level, these systems and processes are overseen primarily by our Chief Information Officer (CIO) and our Cyber Security Risk Officer (CSRO). 
 
 We have implemented processes to assess, identify, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats, including the following: 
 Muti-factor Authentication: We secure access to our network and systems through multi-factor authentication. 
 Layered Email Protection : We have adopted a layered approach to email protection. 
 Zero-Trust Security Model : We are working towards a zero-trust security model, utilizing group-based access controls to manage network resources. 
 Continuous Monitoring : We continuously monitor our systems for security anomalies, to help enable early detection of issues and facilitating a rapid response. 
 Regular Scans : We conduct weekly and monthly scans to identify and prioritize the mitigation of the most critical vulnerabilities. 
 Quarterly Penetration Testing : We engage third-party consultants to perform quarterly penetration testing, examining our environment from various perspectives, including end-user and employee use cases, to thoroughly assess system vulnerabilities. 
 Collaborative Evaluation and Remediation : In collaboration with our third-party consultants, we evaluate the outcomes of our testing, address and remediate any identified issues, and subsequently re-test the environment to confirm that the mitigations have effectively resolved the vulnerabilities. 
 Regular Assessments and Gap Analyses : Our cybersecurity team regularly meets with the third-party consultants to assess overall risk and conduct gap analyses, ensuring the effectiveness of our current cybersecurity measures. 
 Comprehensive Risk Assessment : Our comprehensive risk assessment includes evaluating potential security risks associated with the use of external service providers. 
 Incident Response Readiness : We maintain a documented incident response readiness process that details the procedures to follow in the event of a security incident. 
 Data Backup : We maintain comprehensive backups of all system files to facilitate data recovery during a security incident. 
 
 In addition to the above-described technology controls, we have implemented mandatory training and awareness programs designed to educate our employees on cybersecurity risks. These include periodic exercises to help employees identify phishing schemes and other social engineering tactics, and we provide various methods for them to report suspicious activity that may give rise to a cybersecurity incident. 
 
 To date, we have not identified any risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, because the sophistication of cybersecurity threats continues to increase with rapidly evolving techniques to overcome security measures, the preventative actions we have taken and will continue to take to reduce the risks may not successfully protect our systems against a future cybersecurity incident. For more information on how cybersecurity risk could materially affect our business, please refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Governance 
 
 Our Board considers cybersecurity and other information technology risk as part of its risk oversight function. The members of our Board receive reports on our cybersecurity risks and risk management on at least an annual basis from our CIO and CSRO. These reports include reviewing current trends, processes and systems used to mitigate the risk of cybersecurity threats. Our internal audit department also conducts cybersecurity reviews as part of its audit procedures and presents any findings to the Board. We have protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents would be escalated within the Company and, where appropriate, reported to the Board in a timely manner. 
 
 We invest a considerable amount of resources in training, tools and other resources to manage risks from cybersecurity threats. Our cybersecurity program is led by an experienced team that creates cybersecurity policies and procedures and possesses expert knowledge related to controls and safeguards related to cybersecurity. Led by our CIO, our cybersecurity team is responsible for assessing and managing risks from cybersecurity threats. The CIO receives reports on cybersecurity threats from the cybersecurity team on an ongoing basis and in conjunction with the CSRO, regularly reviews risk management measures implemented by the Company to identify and mitigate data protection and cybersecurity risks. Our CIO and CSRO work closely with our legal team to oversee compliance with legal, regulatory and contractual security requirements. 
 
 Our CIO has more than 35 years of experience working in information technology including roles in the commercial software development, healthcare, industrial and professional services sectors. While in those roles, our CIO has led governance, risk, and compliance technology programs and information security programs. The CIO currently reports to the CFO. 
 
 Our CSRO has more than 23 years of experience working in information technology and cybersecurity roles including software development, identity and access management projects, privilege account management and multi-factor authentication implementations. While in those roles, our CSRO has led projects and implementations for a variety of organizations that assess and create solutions for security concerns. The CSRO currently reports to the CIO. 
 
 Supporting the CIO and CSRO is a dedicated cybersecurity team that designs and monitors our cybersecurity control framework as well as implements cybersecurity control systems and solutions. Our cybersecurity team collectively holds the following degrees and certifications: Master s in Cybersecurity, Certified Information Systems Security Professional, Security+, Network+, AQS Certified Cloud Practitioner and Certified Information Systems Auditor. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our homebuilding and lot development operations own inventories of land, lots and homes, and our rental operations own rental properties that are both completed and under construction as part of the ordinary course of our business. We also own office buildings totaling approximately 1.8 million square feet, and we lease approximately 750,000 square feet of office space under leases expiring through August 2032. These properties are located in our various operating markets to house our homebuilding, rental, Forestar and financial services operating divisions and our regional and corporate offices. 
 
 We own ranch land and improvements totaling 94,200 acres, most of which has been owned for over 20 years. We use this land to conduct ranching and agricultural activities and to host company meetings and events. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are involved in lawsuits and other contingencies in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of such contingencies cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the liabilities arising from these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, to the extent the liability arising from the ultimate resolution of any matter exceeds our estimates reflected in the recorded reserves relating to such matter, we could incur additional charges that could be significant. 
 
 With respect to administrative or judicial proceedings involving the environment, we have determined that we will disclose any such proceeding if we reasonably believe such proceeding will result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, at or in excess of 1 million. 
 
 In fiscal 2014, we received Notices of Violation from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Alabama Department of Environmental Management and the State of South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control related to stormwater compliance at certain of our sites in the southeastern United States within EPA Region 4. Since 2014, we have enhanced our practices and procedures related to stormwater compliance, and this matter has been resolved with each of these governmental entities through a consent decree issued in April 2024 (Consent Decree) and entered by the court in August 2024. In addition to a stipulated monetary penalty, we agreed to complete a supplemental environmental project intended to provide a tangible environmental benefit. Collectively, the cost of the penalty and the project is not expected to exceed 1 million. The Consent Decree also provides for ongoing reporting obligations and stipulated penalties for any future noncompliance with the Consent Decree in EPA Region 4. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that any future obligations related to this matter would result in a loss that would have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol DHI. As of November 14, 2024, the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was 163.74, and there were approximately 240 holders of record. 
 
 In October 2024, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.40 per common share, payable on November 19, 2024 to stockholders of record on November 12, 2024. The declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions. 
 
 We may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time pursuant to our 4.0 billion common stock repurchase authorization, which was approved by our Board effective July 18, 2024 and replaced our prior 1.5 billion common stock repurchase authorization that was effective as of October 31, 2023. The authorization has no expiration date. During fiscal 2024, we purchased 12.5 million shares of our common stock at a total cost, including commissions and excise taxes, of 1.8 billion, of which 1.4 billion was repurchased under previous authorizations. At September 30, 2024, there was 3.6 billion remaining on the repurchase authorization. The following table sets forth information concerning our common stock repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (In millions) July 2024 (1) 
 1,985,844 151.73 1,985,844 3,896.6 August 2024 1,155,312 178.73 1,155,312 3,690.1 September 2024 281,800 189.71 281,800 3,636.7 Total 3,422,956 163.97 3,422,956 3,636.7 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Our 4.0 billion common stock repurchase authorization was in effect for much of the quarter; however, share repurchases in July 2024 included 1,404,544 shares purchased for 197.9 million under the previous authorization. 
 
 The share repurchases may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans or open market purchases, each in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Shares repurchased in July 2024 included 1,404,544 shares purchased pursuant to a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). 
 
 The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans is set forth under Item 12 of this annual report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph illustrates the cumulative total stockholder return on D.R. Horton common stock for the last five fiscal years through September 30, 2024, compared to the S P 500 Index and the S P 1500 Homebuilding Index. The comparison assumes a hypothetical investment in D.R. Horton common stock and in each of the foregoing indices of 100 at September 30, 2019 and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. Shareholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future shareholder returns. The graph and related disclosure in no way reflect our forecast of future financial performance. 

September 30, 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 D.R. Horton, Inc. 100.00 145.26 162.81 132.03 212.75 380.76 S P 500 Index 100.00 115.15 149.70 126.54 153.89 209.83 S P 1500 Homebuilding Index 100.00 133.20 149.58 118.48 193.38 342.07 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into our SEC filings and should not constitute soliciting material or otherwise be considered filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to promote an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This section discusses the results of operations for fiscal 2024 compared to 2023. For similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2023 results compared to our fiscal 2022 results, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on November 17, 2023. 
 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to any differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the caption Forward-Looking Statements and under Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Results of Operations Overview 
 
 Fiscal 2024 Operating Results 
 
 In fiscal 2024, our number of homes closed and home sales revenues increased 8 and 7 , respectively, compared to the prior year, and our consolidated revenues increased 4 to 36.8 billion compared to 35.5 billion in the prior year. Our pre-tax income was 6.3 billion in both fiscal 2024 and 2023, and our pre-tax operating margin was 17.1 compared to 17.8 . Net income was 4.8 billion in both years, and our diluted earnings per share was 14.34 compared to 13.82. 
 
 Consolidated net cash provided by operating activities was 2.2 billion in fiscal 2024 and 4.3 billion in fiscal 2023, and cash provided by our homebuilding operations was 2.2 billion in fiscal 2024 compared to 3.1 billion in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2024, our return on equity (ROE) was 19.9 compared to 22.7 in fiscal 2023, our homebuilding pre-tax return on inventory (ROI) was 27.8 compared to 29.7 , and our return on assets (ROA) was 13.9 compared to 15.1 . ROE is calculated as net income attributable to D.R. Horton for the year divided by average stockholders equity, where average stockholders equity is the sum of ending stockholders equity balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five. Homebuilding ROI is calculated as homebuilding pre-tax income for the year divided by average inventory, where average inventory is the sum of ending homebuilding inventory balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five. ROA is calculated as net income attributable to D.R. Horton for the year divided by average consolidated assets, where average consolidated assets is the sum of total asset balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five. 
 
 Despite elevated mortgage interest rates and inflationary pressures during fiscal 2024, demand for new homes remained solid, and our net sales orders increased 10 compared to fiscal 2023. The disruptions in the supply chain for certain building materials and tightness in the labor market we experienced in recent years have largely subsided, and our average construction cycle time has returned to historical norms. The supply of both new and existing homes at affordable price points is still limited, and demographics supporting housing demand remain favorable; however, we are continuing to use incentives and pricing adjustments to adapt to current market conditions. We believe we are well-positioned to meet changing market conditions with our affordable product offerings and lot supply and will manage our home pricing, sales incentives and number of homes in inventory based on the level of homebuyer demand. We expect our incentive levels to remain elevated, assuming similar market conditions and no significant changes in mortgage interest rates. 
 
 We remain focused on our relationships with land developers across the country in order to maximize our returns and capital efficiency . Within our homebuilding land and lot portfolio, our lots controlled through purchase contracts represent 76 of the lots owned and controlled at September 30, 2024 compared to 75 at September 30, 2023. We are prioritizing the purchase of finished lots from Forestar and other land developers when possible. During fiscal 2024, 63 of the homes we closed were on lots developed by either Forestar or a third party. 
 
 We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to generate strong cash flows from our operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Strategy 
 
 Our operating strategy focuses on consistently enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate consistent, sustainable profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions. Our strategy includes the following initiatives: 
 Developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. 
 Maintaining a significant cash balance and strong overall liquidity position while controlling our level of debt. 
 Allocating and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk. 
 Offering new home communities that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury homebuyers based on consumer demand in each market. 
 Modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices and incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. 
 Delivering high quality homes and a positive experience to our customers both during and after the sale. 
 Managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. 
 Investing in lots, land and land development in desirable markets, while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each market relative to the local new home demand. 
 Controlling a significant portion of our land and finished lot position through purchase contracts and prioritizing the purchase of finished lots from Forestar and other land developers when possible. 
 Controlling the cost of labor and goods provided by subcontractors and vendors. 
 Improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities. 
 Controlling our selling, general and administrative (SG A) expense infrastructure to match production levels. 
 Ensuring that our financial services business provides high quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively. 
 Investing in the construction and leasing of single-family and multi-family rental properties to meet rental demand in high growth suburban markets and selling these properties profitably. 
 Opportunistically evaluating potential acquisitions to enhance our operating platform. 
 
 We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions and maintain our strong financial performance and competitive position. However, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust parts of our strategy to meet future market conditions. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Key Results 
 
 Key financial results as of and for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, were as follows: 
 
 Consolidated Results: 
 Consolidated revenues increased 4 to 36.8 billion compared to 35.5 billion. 
 Consolidated pre-tax income was 6.3 billion in both years. 
 Consolidated pre-tax income was 17.1 of consolidated revenues compared to 17.8 . 
 Income tax expense was 1.5 billion in both years, and our effective tax rate was 23.5 compared to 24.1 . 
 Net income attributable to D.R. Horton was 4.8 billion compared to 4.7 billion. 
 Diluted net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton increased 4 to 14.34 compared to 13.82. 
 Net cash provided by operations was 2.2 billion compared to 4.3 billion. 
 Stockholders equity was 25.3 billion compared to 22.7 billion. 
 Book value per common share increased to 78.12 compared to 67.78. 
 Debt to total capital was 18.9 compared to 18.3 , and net debt to total capital was 5.2 compared to 5.1 . 
 
 Homebuilding: 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 7 to 34.0 billion compared to 31.7 billion. 
 Homes closed increased 8 to 89,690 homes, while the average closing price of those homes decreased 1 to 378,000. 
 Net sales orders increased 10 to 86,561 homes, and the value of net sales orders increased 11 to 32.7 billion. 
 Sales order backlog decreased 20 to 12,180 homes, and the value of sales order backlog decreased 19 to 4.8 billion. 
 Home sales gross margin was 23.5 in both years. 
 Homebuilding SG A expense was 7.5 of homebuilding revenues compared to 7.1 . 
 Homebuilding pre-tax income was 5.5 billion compared to 5.3 billion. 
 Homebuilding pre-tax income was 16.1 of homebuilding revenues compared to 16.6 . 
 Homebuilding pre-tax return on inventory was 27.8 compared to 29.7 . 
 Net cash provided by homebuilding operations was 2.2 billion compared to 3.1 billion. 
 Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents totaled 3.6 billion compared to 2.9 billion. 
 Homebuilding inventories totaled 20.0 billion compared to 18.2 billion. 
 Homes in inventory totaled 37,400 compared to 42,000. 
 Owned lots totaled 152,500 compared to 141,100, and lots controlled through purchase contracts totaled 480,400 compared to 427,300. 
 Homebuilding debt was 2.9 billion compared to 2.3 billion. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Rental: 
 Rental revenues were 1.7 billion compared to 2.6 billion. 
 Rental pre-tax income was 228.7 million compared to 524.2 million. 
 Rental inventory totaled 2.9 billion compared to 2.7 billion. 
 Single-family rental homes closed totaled 3,970 compared to 6,175. 
 Multi-family rental units closed totaled 2,202 compared to 2,112. 
 Forestar: 
 Forestar s revenues increased 5 to 1.5 billion compared to 1.4 billion. Revenues in fiscal 2024 and 2023 included 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively, of revenue from land and lot sales to our homebuilding segment. 
 Forestar s lots sold increased 7 to 15,068 compared to 14,040. Lots sold to D.R. Horton totaled 13,267 compared to 12,249. 
 Forestar s pre-tax income was 270.1 million compared to 221.6 million. 
 Forestar s pre-tax income was 17.9 of revenues compared to 15.4 . 
 Forestar s cash and cash equivalents totaled 481.2 million compared to 616.0 million. 
 Forestar s inventories totaled 2.3 billion compared to 1.8 billion. 
 Forestar s owned and controlled lots totaled 95,100 compared to 79,200. Of these lots, 37,700 were under contract to sell to or subject to a right of first offer with D.R. Horton compared to 31,400. 
 Forestar s debt was 706.4 million compared to 695.0 million. 
 Forestar s debt to total capital was 30.7 compared to 33.7 , and Forestar s net debt to total capital was 12.4 compared to 5.5 . 
 
 Financial Services: 
 Financial services revenues increased 10 to 882.5 million compared to 801.5 million. 
 Financial services pre-tax income increased 10 to 311.2 million compared to 283.3 million. 
 Financial services pre-tax income was 35.3 of financial services revenues in both years. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Homebuilding 
 
 Our operating segments are our 88 homebuilding divisions, our rental operations, our majority-owned Forestar residential lot development operations, our financial services operations and our other business activities. The homebuilding operating segments are aggregated into six reporting segments. These reporting segments, which we also refer to as reporting regions, have homebuilding operations located in the following states: 
 
 Northwest: Colorado, Oregon, Utah and Washington Southwest: Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and New Mexico South Central: Arkansas, Oklahoma and Texas Southeast: Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi East: Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee North: Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin 
 
 The following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our homebuilding operations by reporting segment as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Net Sales Orders (1) Year Ended September 30, Net Homes Sold Value (In millions) Average Selling Price 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Northwest 5,391 4,622 17 2,750.8 2,425.1 13 510,300 524,700 (3) Southwest 9,942 8,470 17 4,855.6 4,023.1 21 488,400 475,000 3 South Central 22,549 20,716 9 7,285.5 6,735.9 8 323,100 325,200 (1) Southeast 22,982 21,683 6 8,115.2 7,812.0 4 353,100 360,300 (2) East 16,425 15,013 9 5,830.8 5,361.4 9 355,000 357,100 (1) North 9,272 7,838 18 3,876.1 3,170.4 22 418,000 404,500 3 86,561 78,342 10 32,714.0 29,527.9 11 377,900 376,900 _____________ 
 (1) Net sales orders represent the number and dollar value of new sales contracts executed with customers (gross sales orders), net of cancelled sales orders. 
 
 Sales Order Cancellations Year Ended September 30, Cancelled Sales Orders Value (In millions) Cancellation Rate (1) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Northwest 852 949 456.2 514.5 14 17 Southwest 1,726 1,961 827.7 975.7 15 19 South Central 4,805 5,901 1,608.6 2,029.7 18 22 Southeast 5,570 5,840 1,997.0 2,132.8 20 21 East 3,850 3,379 1,363.7 1,226.4 19 18 North 2,208 1,763 912.5 715.8 19 18 19,011 19,793 7,165.7 7,594.9 18 20 
 _____________ 
 (1) Cancellation rate represents the number of cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Net Sales Orders 
 
 The number of net sales orders increased 10 during 2024 compared to 2023, and the value of net sales orders increased 11 to 32.7 billion (86,561 homes) in 2024 from 29.5 billion (78,342 homes) in 2023. The average selling price of net sales orders during 2024 was 377,900, up slightly from the prior year. 
 
 During fiscal 2024, the markets contributing most to the increase in sales order volume were the Portland and Salt Lake City markets in the Northwest, the Nevada markets in the Southwest, the Dallas market in the South Central, the Tampa market in the Southeast, the North Carolina markets in the East and the suburban Washington, D.C. market in the North. 
 
 Despite elevated mortgage interest rates and inflationary pressures during fiscal 2024, demand for new homes remained solid, and our net sales orders increased 10 compared to fiscal 2023. The disruptions in the supply chain for certain building materials and tightness in the labor market we experienced in recent years have largely subsided, and our average construction cycle time has returned to historical norms. The supply of both new and existing homes at affordable price points is still limited, and demographics supporting housing demand remain favorable; however, we are continuing to use incentives and pricing adjustments to adapt to current market conditions. We believe we are well-positioned to meet changing market conditions with our affordable product offerings and lot supply and will manage our home pricing, sales incentives and number of homes in inventory based on the level of homebuyer demand. We expect our incentive levels to remain elevated, assuming similar market conditions and no significant changes in mortgage interest rates. 
 
 Our sales order cancellation rate (cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders for the period) was 18 in 2024 compared to 20 in 2023. 
 
 Sales Order Backlog As of September 30, Homes in Backlog Value (In millions) Average Selling Price 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Northwest 535 547 (2) 284.2 278.1 2 531,200 508,400 4 Southwest 1,214 1,407 (14) 623.6 681.3 (8) 513,700 484,200 6 South Central 2,709 3,588 (24) 872.4 1,220.1 (28) 322,000 340,100 (5) Southeast 3,095 4,816 (36) 1,135.5 1,873.7 (39) 366,900 389,100 (6) East 2,744 3,381 (19) 1,012.3 1,252.4 (19) 368,900 370,400 North 1,883 1,458 29 842.3 617.7 36 447,300 423,700 6 12,180 15,197 (20) 4,770.3 5,923.3 (19) 391,700 389,800 
 
 Sales Order Backlog 
 
 Sales order backlog represents homes under contract but not yet closed at the end of the period. Many of the contracts in our sales order backlog are subject to contingencies, including mortgage loan approval and buyers selling their existing homes, which can result in cancellations. A portion of the contracts in backlog will not result in closings due to cancellations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Homes Closed and Revenue Year Ended September 30, Homes Closed Home Sales Revenue (In millions) Average Selling Price 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Northwest 5,403 4,799 13 2,744.6 2,574.1 7 508,000 536,400 (5) Southwest 10,135 8,823 15 4,913.3 4,246.7 16 484,800 481,300 1 South Central 23,467 22,923 2 7,639.6 7,598.1 1 325,500 331,500 (2) Southeast 24,703 23,905 3 8,853.4 8,756.5 1 358,400 366,300 (2) East 17,062 14,718 16 6,070.9 5,323.9 14 355,800 361,700 (2) North 8,920 7,749 15 3,681.8 3,141.7 17 412,800 405,400 2 89,690 82,917 8 33,903.6 31,641.0 7 378,000 381,600 (1) 
 
 Home Sales Revenue 
 
 Revenues from home sales increased 7 to 33.9 billion (89,690 homes closed) in 2024 from 31.6 billion (82,917 homes closed) in 2023. The number of homes closed increased 8 compared to the prior year. The average selling price of homes closed during 2024 was 378,000, down 1 from the prior year. 
 
 The markets contributing most to the increase in closings volume were the Portland and Salt Lake City markets in the Northwest, the California and Nevada markets in the Southwest, the North Carolina markets in the East and the suburban Washington, D.C. market in the North. 
 
 Homebuilding Operating Margin Analysis Percentages of Related Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gross profit home sales 23.5 23.5 Gross profit land/lot sales and other 31.3 47.4 Inventory and land option charges (0.2) (0.2) Gross profit total homebuilding 23.3 23.4 Selling, general and administrative expense 7.5 7.1 Other (income) expense (0.3) (0.2) Homebuilding pre-tax income 16.1 16.6 
 
 Home Sales Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit from home sales increased to 8.0 billion in 2024 from 7.4 billion in 2023 and was 23.5 of home sales revenues in both years. We remain focused on managing the pricing, incentives and sales pace in each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments and adjust to local market conditions and new home demand. To adjust to changes in market conditions during fiscal 2023 and 2024, we have used a higher level of incentives and reduced home prices and sizes of our home offerings where necessary to provide better affordability to homebuyers. We expect our incentive levels to remain elevated, assuming similar market conditions and no significant changes in mortgage interest rates. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Land/Lot Sales and Other Revenues 
 
 Land/lot sales and other revenues from our homebuilding operations were 58.2 million and 102.2 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We generally purchase land and lots with the intent to build and sell homes on them. However, some of the land that we purchase includes commercially zoned parcels that we may sell to commercial developers. We may also sell residential lots or land parcels to manage our supply or for other strategic reasons. As of September 30, 2024, our homebuilding operations had 12.7 million of land held for sale that we expect to sell in the next twelve months. 
 
 Inventory and Land Option Charges 
 
 At the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment and perform detailed impairment evaluations and analyses when necessary. As a result of this review, there were 8.3 million of impairments recorded in our homebuilding segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During fiscal 2024, impairment charges related to our homebuilding segment totaled 14.0 million compared to 7.7 million in fiscal 2023. 
 
 As we manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to optimize returns and cash flows, we may modify our pricing and incentives, construction and development plans or land sale strategies in individual active communities and land held for development, which could result in the affected communities being evaluated for potential impairment. If the housing market or economic conditions are adversely affected for a prolonged period, we may be required to evaluate additional communities for potential impairment. These evaluations could result in impairment charges, which could be significant. 
 
 During fiscal 2024 and 2023, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to our homebuilding segment s land purchase contracts that we have terminated or expect to terminate were 54.9 million and 53.0 million, respectively. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) Expense 
 
 SG A expense from homebuilding activities increased 14 to 2.6 billion in fiscal 2024 from 2.2 billion in fiscal 2023. SG A expense as a percentage of homebuilding revenues was 7.5 and 7.1 in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Employee compensation and related costs were 2.1 billion and 1.9 billion in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing 82 and 85 of SG A costs in those years. These costs increased 10 in fiscal 2024 from the prior year. Our homebuilding operations employed 10,071 and 9,190 people at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 We attempt to control our homebuilding SG A costs while ensuring that our infrastructure adequately supports our operations; however, we cannot make assurances that we will be able to maintain or improve upon the current SG A expense as a percentage of revenues. 
 
 Interest Incurred 
 
 We capitalize interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and construction (active inventory). Capitalized interest is charged to cost of sales as the related inventory is delivered to the buyer. Interest incurred by our homebuilding operations decreased 27 to 50.5 million in fiscal 2024 from 68.8 million in fiscal 2023, primarily due to an 11 decrease in our average homebuilding debt. Interest charged to cost of sales was 0.4 of homebuilding cost of sales (excluding inventory and land option charges) in both years. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 Other income, net of other expenses, included in our homebuilding operations increased to 107.6 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 78.8 million in fiscal 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest income. Other income also consists of various other types of ancillary income, gains, expenses and losses not directly associated with sales of homes, land and lots. The activities that result in this ancillary income are not significant, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Homebuilding Results by Reporting Region 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Homebuilding Revenues Homebuilding Pre-tax Income (1) of Revenues Homebuilding Revenues Homebuilding Pre-tax Income (1) of Revenues (In millions) Northwest 2,761.7 420.8 15.2 2,582.4 391.1 15.1 Southwest 4,914.7 703.5 14.3 4,282.8 489.3 11.4 South Central 7,652.1 1,331.4 17.4 7,612.6 1,388.3 18.2 Southeast 8,876.8 1,441.4 16.2 8,760.8 1,711.1 19.5 East 6,073.1 1,059.6 17.4 5,325.3 935.7 17.6 North 3,683.4 498.4 13.5 3,179.3 350.8 11.0 33,961.8 5,455.1 16.1 31,743.2 5,266.3 16.6 
 ________ 
 (1) Expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating our corporate office. The amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each segment based on the segment s cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each segment based on the segment s inventory balances. 
 
 Northwest Region Homebuilding revenues increased 7 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Portland and Salt Lake City markets, partially offset by a decrease in the average selling price of homes closed in most of the region s markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 420.8 million in 2024 compared to 391.1 million in 2023. Gross profit from home sales as a percentage of home sales revenue (home sales gross profit percentage) increased by 50 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023 , primarily due to the average cost of homes closed decreasing by more than the average selling price of those homes . As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses increased by 60 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023 , primarily due to an increase in SG A expenses. 
 
 Southwest Region Homebuilding revenues increased 15 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed, particularly in our California and Nevada markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 703.5 million in 2024 compared to 489.3 million in 2023. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 270 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing while the average cost of those homes decreased. As a perc entage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 20 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 South Central Region Homebuilding revenues increased 1 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. The region generated pre-tax income of 1.3 billion in 2024 compared to 1.4 billion in 2023. Home sales gross profit percentage decreased by 20 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed decreasing by more than the average cost of those homes . As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses increased by 70 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to an increase in SG A expenses. 
 
 Southeast Region Homebuilding revenues increased 1 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 . The region generated pre-tax income of 1.4 billion in 2024 compared to 1.7 billion in 2023. Home sales gross profit percentage decreased by 260 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023 , primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed decreasing while the average cost of those homes increased . As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses increased by 60 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to an increase in SG A expenses. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 East Region Homebuilding revenues increased 14 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, due to increases in the number of homes closed, particularly in our North Carolina markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 1.1 billion in 2024 compared to 935.7 million in 2023. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 30 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023 , primarily due to the average cost of homes closed decreasing by more than the average selling price of those homes . As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses increased by 50 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to an increase in SG A expenses. 
 
 North Region Homebuilding revenues increased 16 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 , due to increases in the number of homes closed, particularly in our suburban Washington, D.C. market. The region generated pre-tax income of 498.4 million in 2024 compared to 350.8 million in 2023. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 290 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to the average cost of homes closed decreasing while the average selling price of those homes increased. A s a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses increased by 10 basis points in 2024 compared to 2023 . 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Homebuilding Inventories, Land and Lot Position and Homes in Inventory 
 
 We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. At the time of purchase, the undeveloped land is generally vested with the rights to begin development or construction work, and we plan and coordinate the development of our land into residential lots for use in our homebuilding business. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. 
 
 Our homebuilding segment s inventories at September 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 Construction in Progress and Finished Homes Residential Land/Lots Developed and Under Development Land Held for Development Land Held for Sale Total Inventory (In millions) Northwest 719.6 1,215.6 1,935.2 Southwest 1,378.1 1,889.3 6.8 4.7 3,278.9 South Central 1,701.5 2,024.5 0.3 1.7 3,728.0 Southeast 2,146.9 2,124.3 13.1 0.2 4,284.5 East 1,626.4 2,347.3 4.5 3,978.2 North 1,287.6 1,262.2 1.4 2,551.2 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 126.0 148.5 0.3 0.2 275.0 8,986.1 11,011.7 20.5 12.7 20,031.0 
 September 30, 2023 Construction in Progress and Finished Homes Residential Land/Lots Developed and Under Development Land Held for Development Land Held for Sale Total Inventory (In millions) Northwest 819.5 1,087.5 0.5 1,907.5 Southwest 1,280.0 1,845.0 6.7 1.3 3,133.0 South Central 2,040.2 1,769.6 0.3 0.4 3,810.5 Southeast 2,390.5 1,549.8 13.2 5.0 3,958.5 East 1,393.5 1,630.4 0.8 3,024.7 North 1,083.7 993.7 0.6 2,078.0 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 126.9 116.3 0.3 0.1 243.6 9,134.3 8,992.3 20.5 8.7 18,155.8 
 _____________ 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated inventory consists primarily of capitalized interest and property taxes. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Our land and lot position and homes in inventory at September 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized as follows: 
 
 September 30, 2024 Land/Lots 
 Owned (1) 
 Lots Controlled Through Land and Lot Purchase Contracts (2)(3) Total Land/Lots Owned and Controlled Homes in 
 Inventory (4) 
 Northwest 13,000 18,600 31,600 2,100 Southwest 22,200 29,200 51,400 4,200 South Central 39,000 109,600 148,600 9,000 Southeast 29,500 134,300 163,800 9,700 East 32,500 129,300 161,800 7,500 North 16,300 59,400 75,700 4,900 152,500 480,400 632,900 37,400 24 76 100 
 
 September 30, 2023 Land/Lots 
 Owned (1) 
 Lots Controlled Through Land and Lot Purchase Contracts (2)(3) Total Land/Lots Owned and Controlled Homes in 
 Inventory (4) 
 Northwest 14,100 20,300 34,400 2,800 Southwest 22,600 30,500 53,100 4,700 South Central 36,700 69,500 106,200 10,800 Southeast 24,700 132,900 157,600 12,100 East 27,700 118,400 146,100 7,100 North 15,300 55,700 71,000 4,500 141,100 427,300 568,400 42,000 25 75 100 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Land/lots owned included approximately 64,400 and 50,300 owned lots that are fully developed and ready for home construction at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) The total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 25.2 billion and 21.1 billion, respectively, secured by earnest money deposits of 2.2 billion and 1.8 billion, respectively. The total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 1.9 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively, related to lot purchase contracts with Forestar, secured by 193.3 million and 139.1 million, respectively, of earnest money. 
 (3) Lots controlled at September 30, 2024 included approximately 37,700 lots owned by Forestar, 20,500 of which our homebuilding divisions had under contract to purchase and 17,200 of which our homebuilding divisions had a right of first offer to purchase. Of these, approximately 10,600 lots were in our Southeast region, 7,400 lots were in our East region, 7,000 lots were in our North region, 6,900 lots were in our South Central region, 3,600 lots were in our Southwest region and 2,200 lots were in our Northwest region. Lots controlled at September 30, 2023 included approximately 31,400 lots owned by Forestar, 14,400 of which our homebuilding divisions had under contract to purchase and 17,000 of which our homebuilding divisions had a right of first offer to purchase. 
 (4) Approximately 25,700 and 27,000 of our homes in inventory were unsold at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, approximately 10,300 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 1,100 homes had been completed for more than six months. At September 30, 2023, approximately 7,000 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 620 homes had been completed for more than six months. Homes in inventory exclude approximately 2,400 and 2,100 model homes at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Rental 
 
 Our rental segment consists of single-family and multi-family rental operations. The single-family rental operations construct and lease single-family homes within a community and then generally market each community for a bulk sale of rental homes. The multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease and sell residential rental properties, with a primary focus on constructing garden style apartment communities in high growth suburban markets. Single-family and multi-family rental property sales are recognized as revenues, and rental income is recognized as other income. The following tables provide further information regarding our rental operations as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Rental Homes/Units Closed and Revenue Year Ended September 30, Homes/Units Closed Rental Revenue (In millions) Average Selling Price 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Single-family 3,970 6,175 (36) 1,177.4 2,014.8 (42) 296,600 326,300 (9) Multi-family 2,202 2,112 4 499.7 590.7 (15) 226,900 279,700 (19) 6,172 8,287 (26) 1,677.1 2,605.5 (36) 271,700 314,400 (14) 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Revenues Single-family rental 1,177.4 2,014.8 Multi-family rental and other 507.7 590.7 Total revenues 1,685.1 2,605.5 Cost of sales Single-family rental 926.0 1,504.8 Multi-family rental and other 389.9 382.0 Inventory and land option charges 5.8 6.7 Total cost of sales 1,321.7 1,893.5 Selling, general and administrative expense 236.2 290.2 Other (income) expense (101.5) (102.4) Income before income taxes 228.7 524.2 

Rental Operating Margin Analysis Percentages of Related Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Gross profit rental 21.6 27.3 Selling, general and administrative expense 14.0 11.1 Other (income) expense (6.0) (3.9) Rental pre-tax income 13.6 20.1 
 
 Revenues from our rental operations decreased to 1.7 billion in fiscal 2024 from 2.6 billion in fiscal 2023, and pre-tax income decreased to 228.7 million from 524.2 million. The decline in rental revenues and pre-tax income was primarily due to a decrease in the number of single-family homes closed and a decrease in the average selling price of multi-family units closed. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

At September 30, 2024, our rental property inventory of 2.9 billion included 800.3 million of inventory related to our single-family rental operations and 2.1 billion of inventory related to our multi-family rental operations. At September 30, 2023, our rental property inventory of 2.7 billion included 1.3 billion of inventory related to our single-family rental operations and 1.4 billion of inventory related to our multi-family rental operations. Single-family rental homes and lots and multi-family rental units at September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 
 Rental Inventory September 30, 2024 2023 Single-family rental homes (1) 3,140 5,630 Single-family rental lots (2) 1,910 3,380 Multi-family rental units (3) 11,960 9,150 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Single-family rental homes at September 30, 2024 consist of 340 homes under construction and 2,800 completed homes compared to 1,260 homes under construction and 4,370 completed homes at September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Single-family rental lots at September 30, 2024 consist of 910 undeveloped lots and 1,000 finished lots compared to 2,210 undeveloped lots and 1,170 finished lots at September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Multi-family rental units at September 30, 2024 consist of 7,900 units under construction and 4,060 units that were substantially complete and in the lease-up phase compared to 7,200 units under construction and 1,950 units that were substantially complete at September 30, 2023. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Forestar 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we owned 62 of the outstanding shares of Forestar. Forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 59 markets across 24 states as of September 30, 2024. (See Note B to the accompanying financial statements for additional Forestar segment information.) 
 
 Results of operations for the Forestar segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Total revenues 1,509.4 1,436.9 Cost of land/lot sales and other 1,145.9 1,108.9 Inventory and land option charges 4.1 24.0 Total cost of sales 1,150.0 1,132.9 Selling, general and administrative expense 118.5 97.7 Other (income) expense (29.2) (15.3) Income before income taxes 270.1 221.6 
 
 Forestar s revenues are primarily derived from sales of single-family residential lots to local, regional and national homebuilders and land bankers for homebuilders. The following tables provide further information regarding Forestar s revenues and lot position as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Year Ended September 30, Lots Sold Value (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Residential single-family lots sold Lots sold to D.R. Horton 13,267 12,249 1,274.3 1,094.7 Total lots sold 15,068 14,040 1,459.3 1,275.7 Tract acres sold to D.R. Horton 32 820 15.2 114.1 September 30, 2024 2023 Residential single-family lots in inventory and under contract Lots owned 57,800 52,400 Lots controlled through land purchase contracts 37,300 26,800 Total lots owned and controlled 95,100 79,200 Owned lots under contract to sell to D.R. Horton 20,500 14,400 Owned lots under contract to customers other than D.R. Horton 500 600 Total owned lots under contract 21,000 15,000 Owned lots subject to right of first offer with D.R. Horton 17,200 17,000 Owned lots fully developed 6,300 6,400 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

At September 30, 2024 and 2023, Forestar s inventory, which includes land and lots developed, under development and held for development, totaled 2.3 billion and 1.8 billion, respectively. 
 
 Forestar s inventory and land option charges consisted of 4.1 million of earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs in fiscal 2024 and 19.4 million of impairment charges and 4.6 million of earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs in fiscal 2023. 
 
 SG A expense for fiscal 2024 and 2023 included charges of 5.6 million and 3.8 million, respectively, related to the shared services agreement between Forestar and D.R. Horton whereby D.R. Horton provides Forestar with certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Financial Services 
 
 The following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our financial services operations, comprising DHI Mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Number of first-lien loans originated or brokered by DHI Mortgage for D.R. Horton homebuyers 70,308 62,699 12 Number of homes closed by D.R. Horton 89,690 82,917 8 Percentage of D.R. Horton homes financed by DHI Mortgage 78 76 Loans sold by DHI Mortgage to third parties 70,877 62,350 14 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (In millions) Loan origination and other fees 88.3 71.8 23 Gains on sale of mortgage loans and mortgage servicing rights 589.9 538.4 10 Servicing income 3.4 6.1 (44) Total mortgage operations revenues 681.6 616.3 11 Title policy premiums 200.9 185.2 8 Total revenues 882.5 801.5 10 General and administrative expense 672.4 594.9 13 Other (income) expense (101.1) (76.7) 32 Financial services pre-tax income 311.2 283.3 10 
 
 Financial Services Operating Margin Analysis 
 
 Percentages of Financial Services Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 General and administrative expense 76.2 74.2 Other (income) expense (11.5) (9.6) Financial services pre-tax income 35.3 35.3 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage Loan Activity 
 
 DHI Mortgage s primary focus is to originate loans for our homebuilding operations, and those loan originations account for virtually all of its total loan volume. In fiscal 2024, the volume of first-lien loans originated or brokered by DHI Mortgage for our homebuyers increased 12 , primarily due to the 8 increase in the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations, as well as an increase in the percentage of homes closed for which DHI Mortgage handled our homebuyers financing. The percentage of homes closed for which DHI Mortgage handled our homebuyers financing was 78 in fiscal 2024, up from 76 in fiscal 2023. This increase reflects DHI Mortgage s ongoing efforts to align their business with our homebuilding operations by offering competitive products and pricing. 
 
 The number of loans sold increased 14 in fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year. Virtually all of the mortgage loans held for sale on September 30, 2024 were eligible for sale to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. During fiscal 2024, approximately 73 of our mortgage loans were sold directly to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or into securities backed by Ginnie Mae, and 26 were sold to one other major financial entity. Changes in market conditions could result in a greater concentration of our mortgage sales in future periods to fewer financial entities and directly to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, and we may need to make other adjustments to our mortgage operations. 
 
 Financial Services Revenues and Expenses 
 
 Total loan origination volume increased 12 during fiscal 2024, and revenues from our mortgage operations increased 11 to 681.6 million from 616.3 million in fiscal 2023. Revenues from our title operations increased 8 to 200.9 million in fiscal 2024 from 185.2 million in fiscal 2023. 
 
 General and administrative (G A) expense related to our financial services operations increased 13 to 672.4 million in fiscal 2024 from 594.9 million in the prior year. G A expenses increased in fiscal 2024 due to increased loan origination volume. As a percentage of financial services revenues, G A expense was 76.2 in fiscal 2024 compared to 74.2 in the prior year. Fluctuations in financial services G A expense as a percentage of revenues can occur because some components of revenue fluctuate differently than loan volumes, and some expenses are not directly related to mortgage loan volume or to changes in the amount of revenue earned. Our financial services operations employed 3,149 and 2,895 people at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other income, net of other expense, included in our financial services operations consists primarily of the interest income of our mortgage subsidiary. Other income increased 32 to 101.1 million in fiscal 2024 from 76.7 million in the prior year, primarily due to an increase in interest income on our loan origination volume. 

Results of Operations Other Businesses 
 
 In addition to our homebuilding, rental, Forestar and financial services operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. We conduct insurance-related operations, own water rights and other water-related assets and own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements. The pre-tax income of all of our subsidiaries engaged in other business activities was 73.4 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 32.4 million in fiscal 2023. The pre-tax income in fiscal 2024 includes other income of 27.9 million related to a sale of mineral rights. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Consolidated 
 
 Income before Income Taxes 
 
 Pre-tax income was 6.3 billion in both fiscal 2024 and 2023. In fiscal 2024, our homebuilding, rental, financial services and Forestar businesses generated pre-tax income of 5.5 billion, 228.7 million, 311.2 million and 270.1 million, respectively, compared to 5.3 billion, 524.2 million, 283.3 million and 221.6 million, respectively, in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Our income tax expense was 1.5 billion in both fiscal 2024 and 2023, and our effective tax rate was 23.5 and 24.1 , respectively, in those years. The effective tax rates for both years include an expense for state income taxes and tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and federal energy efficient homes tax credits. 
 
 Our deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, were 182.4 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 202.0 million at September 30, 2023. We have a valuation allowance of 14.9 million and 14.8 million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to deferred tax assets for state net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards that are expected to expire before being realized. We will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to our remaining state NOL and tax credit carryforwards. Any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact our effective tax rate. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 
 We have historically funded our operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities and the issuance of new debt securities. Our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions. 
 
 We are making investments in our homebuilding and rental inventories to expand our operations and consolidate market share. We are also returning capital to our shareholders through repurchases of our common stock and dividend payments. We are maintaining significant homebuilding cash balances and liquidity to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business and to provide flexibility to adjust to changing conditions and opportunities. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding notes payable with varying maturities totaling an aggregate principal amount of 5.9 billion. 2.2 billion was payable within 12 months, including 1.5 billion which is outstanding under our mortgage repurchase facilities and 500 million principal amount of 2.5 homebuilding senior notes that were repaid at maturity in October 2024. Future interest payments associated with the outstanding notes total 745.5 million, of which 251.7 million is payable within 12 months. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, our ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable) was 18.9 compared to 18.3 at September 30, 2023. Our net debt to total capital (notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable net of cash) was 5.2 at September 30, 2024 compared to 5.1 at September 30, 2023. Over the long term, we intend to maintain our ratio of debt to total capital around or slightly below 20 . 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding letters of credit of 242.9 million and surety bonds of 3.5 billion, issued by third parties to secure performance under various contracts. We expect that our performance obligations secured by these letters of credit and bonds will generally be completed in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable contractual terms. When we complete our performance obligations, the related letters of credit and bonds are generally released shortly thereafter, leaving us with no continuing obligations. We have no material third-party guarantees. 
 
 We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and maintain sufficient cash and liquidity levels to support our other operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. D.R. Horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in July 2024, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. Forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in September 2024, registering 750 million of equity securities. As market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facilities and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future thereafter. 
 
 Capital Resources - Homebuilding 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of our homebuilding segment totaled 3.6 billion. 
 
 Bank Credit Facility We have a 2.19 billion senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100 of the total revolving credit commitments. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. The maturity date of the facility is October 28, 2027. At September 30, 2024, there were no borrowings outstanding and 210.1 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of 1.98 billion. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Our homebuilding revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on our operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. The credit agreement governing the facility imposes restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of our homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 Public Unsecured Debt At September 30, 2024, we had 2.8 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding that were scheduled to mature from October 2024 through October 2034. In August 2024, we issued 700 million principal amount of 5.0 senior notes due October 15, 2034, with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 5.2 . In October 2024, we repaid 500 million principal amount of our 2.5 senior notes at maturity. The indenture governing our senior notes imposes restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all of the limitations and restrictions associated with our public debt obligations. 
 
 Our homebuilding revolving credit facility and homebuilding senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. s significant wholly-owned homebuilding subsidiaries. 
 
 Debt and Stock Repurchase Authorizations In July 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of our debt securities. Effective July 18, 2024, our Board authorized the repurchase of up to 4.0 billion of our common stock, replacing the previous authorization that was effective as of October 31, 2023. During fiscal 2024, we repurchased 12.5 million shares at a total cost, including commissions and excise taxes, of 1.8 billion, of which 1.4 billion was repurchased under previous authorizations. At September 30, 2024, the full amount of the debt repurchase authorization was remaining, and 3.6 billion of the stock repurchase authorization was remaining. The debt and stock repurchase authorizations have no expiration date. 
 
 Capital Resources - Rental 
 
 During the past few years, we have made significant investments in our rental operations. The inventory in our rental segment totaled 2.9 billion and 2.7 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of our rental segment totaled 157.6 million. 
 
 Bank Credit Facility Our rental subsidiary, DRH Rental, has a 1.05 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 2.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. Availability under the rental revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of DRH Rental s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of 100 million and 50 of the total revolving credit commitments. The maturity date of the facility is October 10, 2027. Borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled 1.4 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively, during fiscal 2024. At September 30, 2024, there were 745 million of borrowings outstanding at a 6.9 annual interest rate and no letters of credit issued under the facility, resulting in available capacity of 305 million. 
 
 The rental revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. The financial covenants require DRH Rental to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. At September 30, 2024, DRH Rental was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 The rental revolving credit facility is guaranteed by DRH Rental s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries and have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. The rental revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, Forestar or financial services operations. 
 
 Capital Resources - Forestar 
 
 The achievement of Forestar s long-term growth objectives will depend on its ability to obtain financing and generate sufficient cash flows from operations. As market conditions permit, Forestar may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to provide capital for future growth and additional liquidity. At September 30, 2024, Forestar s ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable) was 30.7 compared to 33.7 at September 30, 2023. Forestar s ratio of net debt to total capital (notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable net of cash) was 12.4 compared to 5.5 at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2024, Forestar had cash and cash equivalents of 481.2 million. 
 
 Bank Credit Facility Forestar has a 410 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of 100 million and 50 of the total revolving credit commitments. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of Forestar s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. The maturity date of the facility is October 28, 2026. At September 30, 2024, there were no borrowings outstanding and 32.8 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of 377.2 million. 
 
 The Forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. The financial covenants require Forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 Unsecured Debt As of September 30, 2024, Forestar had 700 million principal amount of senior notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which represent unsecured obligations of Forestar. These notes include 400 million principal amount of 3.85 senior notes that mature in May 2026 and 300 million principal amount of 5.0 senior notes that mature in March 2028. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations. 
 
 Forestar s revolving credit facility and its senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by Forestar s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries and have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. They are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, rental or financial services operations. 
 
 Debt Repurchase Authorization In April 2020, Forestar s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 30 million of Forestar s debt securities. All of the 30 million authorization was remaining at September 30, 2024, and the authorization has no expiration date. 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock During fiscal 2024, Forestar issued 546,174 shares of common stock under its at-the-market equity offering (ATM) program for proceeds of 19.7 million, net of commissions and other issuance costs totaling 0.4 million. In September 2024, Forestar filed a new shelf registration statement, which became effective in October 2024, registering 750 million of equity securities. At the time of filing the new registration statement, 728.1 million of equity securities remained available for issuance under Forestar s prior shelf registration statement, which has since expired. Forestar s ATM program expired in October 2024, and Forestar anticipates entering into a new ATM program under its September 2024 shelf registration statement. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Resources - Financial Services 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of our financial services segment totaled 242.3 million. 
 
 Mortgage Repurchase Facilities Our mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, has two mortgage repurchase facilities, one of which is committed and the other of which is uncommitted, that provide financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. DHI Mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facilities. 
 
 In August 2024, the committed mortgage repurchase facility was amended to extend its maturity date to May 9, 2025. The facility has a total capacity of 1.6 billion, which can be increased to 2.0 billion subject to the availability of additional commitments. At September 30, 2024, DHI Mortgage had an obligation of 1.2 billion under the committed mortgage repurchase facility at a 6.5 annual interest rate. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the uncommitted mortgage repurchase facility had a borrowing capacity of 500 million, of which DHI Mortgage had an obligation of 304.5 million at a 6.1 annual interest rate. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, 2.09 billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of 2.05 billion were pledged under the committed mortgage repurchase facility, and 322.3 million of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of 310.8 million were pledged under the uncommitted mortgage repurchase facility. 
 
 The facilities contain financial covenants as to the mortgage subsidiary s minimum required tangible net worth, its maximum allowable indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio and its minimum required liquidity. At September 30, 2024, DHI Mortgage was in compliance with all of the conditions and covenants of the mortgage repurchase facilities. 
 
 These mortgage repurchase facilities are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of our homebuilding, rental or Forestar operations. 
 
 In the past, DHI Mortgage has been able to renew or extend its committed mortgage repurchase facility at a sufficient capacity and on satisfactory terms prior to its maturity and obtain temporary additional commitments through amendments to the facility during periods of higher than normal volumes of mortgages held for sale. The liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the committed mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities. 
 
 Operating Cash Flow Activities 
 
 In fiscal 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 2.2 billion compared to 4.3 billion in fiscal 2023. Cash provided by operating activities in the current year primarily consisted of cash provided by our homebuilding segment. The most significant source of cash provided by operating activities in both years was net income. 
 
 Cash provided by a decrease in construction in progress and finished home inventory was 141.3 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 861.8 million in fiscal 2023, due to a decrease in our homes in inventory. Cash used to increase residential land and lots was 2.6 billion and 1.2 billion in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Investing Cash Flow Activities 
 
 In fiscal 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 190.6 million compared to 310.2 million in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2024, uses of cash included purchases of property and equipment totaling 165.3 million. In fiscal 2023, uses of cash included the acquisitions of the homebuilding operations of Riggins Custom Homes for 107 million and Truland Homes for 110 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling 148.6 million. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Cash Flow Activities 
 
 We expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. Long-term financing needs for our operations may be funded with the issuance of senior unsecured debt securities or equity securities through the capital markets. 
 
 In fiscal 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 1.4 billion, consisting primarily of cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of 1.8 billion, payment of cash dividends totaling 395.2 million and net payments on our mortgage repurchase facilities of 135.8 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by note proceeds from our issuance of 700 million principal amount of 5.0 homebuilding senior notes and net borrowings on our rental revolving credit facility of 345 million. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 2.7 billion, consisting primarily of cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of 1.2 billion, repayment of 300 million principal amount of our 4.75 homebuilding senior notes and 400 million principal amount of our 5.75 homebuilding senior notes, net payments on our rental revolving credit facility of 400 million and payment of cash dividends totaling 341.2 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by net advances on our mortgage repurchase facilities of 51.3 million. 
 
 Our Board of Directors approved and we paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.30 per common share in fiscal 2024 and 0.25 per common share in fiscal 2023. In October 2024, our Board approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.40 per common share, payable on November 19, 2024 to stockholders of record on November 12, 2024. The declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, D.R. Horton, Inc. had 2.8 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior unsecured notes outstanding due through October 2034 and no amounts outstanding on its homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 All of the homebuilding senior notes and the homebuilding revolving credit facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of D.R. Horton, Inc. (Guarantors or Guarantor Subsidiaries). Each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries is 100 owned, directly or indirectly, by D.R. Horton, Inc. Our subsidiaries associated with the single-family and multi-family rental operations, Forestar lot development operations, financial services operations and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the homebuilding senior notes or the homebuilding revolving credit facility (collectively, Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries). The guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each Guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such Guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such Guarantor. The guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such Guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The guarantees will be structurally subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries of the Guarantors. 
 
 The guarantees by a Guarantor Subsidiary will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon: (1) the sale or other disposition of its common stock whereby it is no longer a subsidiary of ours; (2) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (other than to us or another Guarantor); (3) its merger or consolidation with an entity other than us or another Guarantor; or (4) its ceasing to guarantee any of our publicly traded debt securities and ceasing to guarantee any of our obligations under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 The enforceability of the obligations of the Guarantor Subsidiaries under their guarantees may be subject to review under applicable federal or state laws relating to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference and similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. In certain circumstances, a court could void the guarantees, subordinate amounts owing under the guarantees or order other relief detrimental to the holders of our guaranteed obligations. The indenture governing our homebuilding senior notes contains a savings clause, which limits the liability of each Guarantor on its guarantee to the maximum amount that such Guarantor can incur without risk that its guarantee will be subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer. This provision may not be effective to protect such guarantees from fraudulent transfer challenges or, if it does, it may reduce such Guarantor s obligation such that the remaining amount due and collectible under the guarantees would not suffice, if necessary, to pay the notes in full when due. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present summarized financial information for D.R. Horton, Inc. and the Guarantor Subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among D.R. Horton, Inc. and the Guarantor Subsidiaries, as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. and Guarantor Subsidiaries Summarized Balance Sheet Data September 30, 2024 (In millions) Assets Cash 
 3,542.4 Inventories 
 20,152.9 Amount due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 1,393.2 Total assets 
 28,865.7 Liabilities Stockholders Equity Notes payable 
 2,926.8 Total liabilities 
 6,455.0 Stockholders equity 
 22,410.7 Summarized Statement of Operations Data Year Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Revenues 33,756.1 Cost of sales 25,896.3 Selling, general and administrative expense 2,497.2 Income before income taxes 5,423.0 Net income 4,148.9 

56 

Table of Contents 

Seasonality 
 
 Although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes and generate greater revenues and pre-tax income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. The seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in the working capital requirements for our homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental operations. As a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements contained in this report, as well as in other materials we have filed or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, statements made by us in periodic press releases and oral statements we make to analysts, stockholders and the press in the course of presentations about us, may be construed as forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. These forward-looking statements typically include the words anticipate, believe, consider, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, intend, likely, may, outlook, plan, possible, potential, predict, projection, seek, should, strategy, target, will, would or other words of similar meaning. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other of our reports or public statements may not approximate actual experience, and the expectations derived from them may not be realized, due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. As a result, actual results may differ materially from the expectations or results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to: 
 the cyclical nature of the homebuilding, rental and lot development industries and changes in economic, real estate or other conditions; 
 adverse developments affecting the capital markets and financial institutions, which could limit our ability to access capital, increase our cost of capital and impact our liquidity and capital resources; 
 reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates; 
 the risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory; 
 our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions, investments or other strategic initiatives successfully; 
 the impact of an inflationary, deflationary or higher interest rate environment; 
 risks of acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor and challenges obtaining regulatory approvals; 
 the effects of public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic on the economy and our businesses; 
 the effects of weather conditions and natural disasters on our business and financial results; 
 home warranty and construction defect claims; 
 the effects of health and safety incidents; 
 reductions in the availability of performance bonds; 
 increases in the costs of owning a home; 
 the effects of information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations; 
 the effects of governmental regulations and environmental matters on our land development and housing operations; 
 the effects of governmental regulations on our financial services operations; 
 the effects of competitive conditions within the industries in which we operate; 
 our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions and limitations; 
 the effects of negative publicity; 
 the effects of the loss of key personnel; and 
 the effects of actions by activist stockholders. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, any further disclosures made on related subjects in subsequent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K should be consulted. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance and risk factors that have the potential to affect us is contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors under Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 General A comprehensive enumeration of the significant accounting policies of D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries is presented in Note A to the accompanying financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Each of our accounting policies has been chosen based upon current authoritative literature that collectively comprises U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). In instances where alternative methods of accounting are permissible under GAAP, we have chosen the method that most appropriately reflects the nature of our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition, and have consistently applied those methods over each of the periods presented in the financial statements. The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the accounting policies selected. 
 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition We generally recognize homebuilding revenue and related profit at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to the buyer. Our performance obligation, to deliver the agreed-upon home, is generally satisfied in less than one year from the original contract date. Proceeds from home closings held for our benefit at title companies are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 When we execute sales contracts with our homebuyers, or when we require advance payment from homebuyers for custom changes, upgrades or options related to their homes, we record the cash deposits received as liabilities until the homes are closed or the contracts are cancelled. We either retain or refund to the homebuyer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances. 
 
 Revenues associated with our mortgage operations primarily include net gains on the sale of mortgage loans and servicing rights. We typically elect the fair value option for our mortgage loan originations whereby mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value based on either sale commitments or current market quotes and loan values are adjusted through revenues for subsequent changes in fair value until the loans are sold. Expected gains and losses from the sale of servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through revenues at the time of commitment. We sell substantially all of the mortgages we originate and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. Interest income is earned from the date a mortgage loan is originated until the loan is sold. 
 
 Mortgage loans are sold with limited recourse provisions, which can result in repurchases of loans previously sold to investors or payments to reimburse investors for loan losses. Based on historical experience, analysis of the volume of mortgages we originated, discussions with our mortgage purchasers and current housing and credit market conditions, we estimate and record a loss reserve for mortgage loans held in portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests. 
 
 Inventories and Cost of Sales Inventory includes the costs of direct land acquisition, land development and construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and direct overhead costs incurred during development and construction. Costs that we incur after projects or homes are substantially complete, such as utilities, maintenance, and cleaning, are charged to SG A expense as incurred. All indirect overhead costs, such as compensation of sales personnel, division and region management, and the costs of advertising and builder s risk insurance are charged to SG A expense as incurred. 
 
 Land and development costs are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a pro-rata basis, and the costs of residential lots are transferred to construction in progress when home construction begins. Home construction costs are specifically identified and recorded to individual homes. Cost of sales for homes closed includes the specific construction costs of each home and all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot based upon the total number of homes expected to be closed in each community. Cost of sales for lots sold includes all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot in the community. Any changes to the estimated total development costs subsequent to the initial home or lot closings in a community are generally allocated on a pro-rata basis to the remaining homes or lots in the community associated with the relevant development activity. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

When a home is closed, we generally have not paid all incurred costs necessary to complete the home. We record a liability and a corresponding charge to cost of sales for the amount estimated to ultimately be paid related to completed homes that have been closed. We compare our home construction budgets to actual recorded costs to determine the additional costs remaining to be paid on each closed home. We monitor the accrual by comparing actual costs incurred on closed homes in subsequent months to the amounts previously accrued. Although actual costs to be paid in the future on previously closed homes could differ from our current accruals, such differences have not been significant. 
 
 At the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment. We generally review our inventory for impairment indicators at the community level, and the inventory within each community is categorized as land held for development, residential land and lots developed and under development, land held for sale, rental properties and construction in progress and finished homes, based on the stage of production or plans for future development or sale. A particular community often includes inventory in more than one category. In certain situations, inventory may be analyzed separately for impairment purposes based on its product type or future plans. In reviewing each of our communities, we determine if impairment indicators exist on inventory held and used by analyzing a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the following: 
 gross margins on homes closed in recent months; 
 projected gross margins on homes sold but not closed; 
 projected gross margins based on community budgets; 
 projected gross margins of rental property sales; 
 trends in gross margins, average selling prices or cost of sales; 
 sales absorption rates; and 
 performance of other communities in nearby locations. 
 
 If indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an impairment evaluation of the community, which includes an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. If so, impairment charges are recorded to cost of sales if the fair value of such assets is less than their carrying amounts. These estimates of cash flows are significantly impacted by community specific factors including estimates of the amounts and timing of future revenues and estimates of the amount of land development, materials and labor costs which, in turn, may be impacted by the following local market conditions: 
 supply and availability of new and existing homes; 
 location and desirability of our communities; 
 variety of product types offered in the area; 
 pricing and use of incentives by us and our competitors; 
 alternative uses for our land or communities such as the sale of land, finished lots or home sites to third parties; 
 amount of land and lots we own or control in a particular market or sub-market; and 
 local economic and demographic trends. 
 
 For those assets deemed to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. When an impairment charge for a community is determined, the charge is then allocated to each lot in the community in the same manner as land and development costs are allocated to each lot. Impairment charges are also recorded on finished homes in substantially completed communities and completed rental properties when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying values are greater than the fair values less estimated costs to sell these homes. 

60 

Table of Contents 

We rarely purchase land for resale. However, when we own land or communities under development that do not fit into our development and construction plans, and we determine that we will sell the asset, the project is accounted for as land held for sale if certain criteria are met. We record land held for sale at the lesser of its carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. In performing the impairment evaluation for land held for sale, we consider several factors including, but not limited to, recent offers received to purchase the property, prices for land in recent comparable sales transactions and market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land. If the estimated fair value less costs to sell an asset is less than the current carrying value, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 The key assumptions relating to inventory valuations are impacted by local market and economic conditions, and are inherently uncertain. Although our quarterly assessments reflect management s best estimates, due to uncertainties in the estimation process, actual results could differ from such estimates. 
 
 Warranty Claims We typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. Since we subcontract our construction work to subcontractors who typically provide us with an indemnity and a certificate of insurance prior to receiving payments for their work, claims relating to workmanship and materials are generally the primary responsibility of the subcontractors. Warranty liabilities have been established by charging cost of sales for each home delivered. The amounts charged are based on management s estimate of expected warranty-related costs under all unexpired warranty obligation periods. Our warranty liability is based upon historical warranty cost experience in each market in which we operate. Actual future warranty costs could differ from our currently estimated amounts. A 10 change in the historical warranty rates used to estimate our warranty accrual would not result in a material change in our accrual. For additional information regarding our warranty liability, see Note L, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Legal Claims and Insurance We are named as a defendant in various claims, complaints and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. At any point in time, we are managing several hundred individual claims related to construction defect matters, personal injury claims, employment matters, land development issues, contract disputes and other matters. We have established reserves for these contingencies based on the estimated costs of pending claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes. Approximately 97 of these reserves related to construction defect matters at both September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Our reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had reserves for approximately 825 and 600 pending construction defect claims, respectively, and no individual existing claim was material to our financial statements. During fiscal 2024, we were notified of approximately 600 new construction defect claims and resolved 375 construction defect claims for a total cost of 55.0 million. We have closed a significant number of homes during recent years, and we may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. Although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which we operate. Historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where we operate are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. These estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. Adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs. 
 
 Historical trends in construction defect claims have been inconsistent, and we believe they may continue to fluctuate. We also believe that fluctuations in housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. If the ultimate resolution of construction defect claims resulting from our home closings in prior years varies from current expectations, it could significantly change our estimates regarding the frequency and timing of claims incurred and the costs to resolve existing and anticipated future claims, which would impact the construction defect reserves in the future. If the frequency of claims incurred or costs of existing and future legal claims significantly exceed our current estimates, they will have a significant negative impact on our future earnings and liquidity. 

61 

Table of Contents 

We estimate and record receivables under the applicable insurance policies related to our estimated contingencies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. However, because the self-insured retentions under these policies are significant, we anticipate we will largely be self-insured. Additionally, we may have the ability to recover a portion of our losses from our subcontractors and their insurance carriers when we have been named as an additional insured on their insurance policies. 
 
 The estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts. A 10 increase in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim used to estimate the reserves would result in an increase of approximately 172.3 million in our reserves and a 43.3 million increase in our insurance receivable, resulting in additional expense of 129.0 million. A 10 decrease in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim would result in a decrease of approximately 154.6 million in our reserves and a 41.5 million decrease in our insurance receivable, resulting in a reduction in expense of 113.1 million. For additional information regarding our legal claims reserves, see Note L, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Pending Accounting Standards 
 
 In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which is intended to improve reportable segment disclosures. The ASU expands public entities segment disclosures by requiring disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss. It also requires disclosure of the amount and description of the composition of other segment items and interim disclosures of a reportable segment s profit or loss and assets. The standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2025 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026 on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. This standard will impact our disclosures but will not impact our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation and modifies other income tax related disclosures. The standard is effective for us beginning October 1, 2025, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures, which requires disclosure of certain costs and expenses on an interim and annual basis in the notes to the financial statements. The standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2028 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2029, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on our disclosures. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk on our long-term debt. We monitor our exposure to changes in interest rates and utilize both fixed and variable rate debt. For fixed rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the debt instrument, but not our earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for variable rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not impact the fair value of the debt instrument, but may affect our future earnings and cash flows. Except in very limited circumstances, we do not have an obligation to prepay fixed-rate debt prior to maturity and, as a result, interest rate risk and changes in fair value would not have a significant impact on our cash flows related to our fixed-rate debt until such time as we are required to refinance, repurchase or repay such debt. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk associated with our mortgage loan origination services. We manage interest rate risk through the use of forward sales of MBS, which are referred to as hedging instruments in the following discussion. We do not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) are extended to borrowers who have applied for loan funding and who meet defined credit and underwriting criteria. Typically, the IRLCs have a duration of less than six months. Some IRLCs are committed immediately to a specific purchaser through the use of best-efforts whole loan delivery commitments, while other IRLCs are funded prior to being committed to third-party purchasers. The hedging instruments related to IRLCs are classified and accounted for as derivative instruments in an economic hedge, with gains and losses recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Hedging instruments related to funded, uncommitted loans are accounted for at fair value, with changes recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations, along with changes in the fair value of the funded, uncommitted loans. The fair value change related to the hedging instruments generally offsets the fair value change in the uncommitted loans. The net fair value change, which for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was not significant, is recognized in current earnings. At September 30, 2024, hedging instruments used to mitigate interest rate risk related to uncommitted mortgage loans held for sale and uncommitted IRLCs totaled a notional amount of 3.8 billion. Uncommitted IRLCs totaled a notional amount of approximately 2.0 billion and uncommitted mortgage loans held for sale totaled a notional amount of approximately 1.9 billion at September 30, 2024. 
 
 We also use hedging instruments as part of a program to offer below market interest rate financing to our homebuyers. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had MBS totaling 637.9 million and 1.1 billion, respectively, that did not yet have IRLCs or closed loans created or assigned and recorded an asset of 2.4 million and 15.7 million, respectively, for the fair value of such MBS position. 
 
 The following table sets forth principal cash flows by scheduled maturity, effective weighted average interest rates and estimated fair value of our debt obligations as of September 30, 2024. Because the mortgage repurchase facilities are effectively secured by certain mortgage loans held for sale that are typically sold within 60 days, the outstanding balances related to those facilities are included in the most current period presented. The interest rate for our variable rate debt represents the weighted average interest rate in effect at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ending September 30, Fair Value at September 30, 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total in millions) Debt: Fixed rate 633.6 910.3 600.4 800.0 17.5 700.0 3,661.8 3,575.5 Average interest rate 3.1 3.4 1.5 3.0 6.0 5.3 3.3 Variable rate 1,533.8 745.0 2,278.8 2,278.8 Average interest rate 6.4 6.9 6.6 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Total Equity 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 19, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Estimation of reserves for construction defect matters Description of the Matter At September 30, 2024, the Company s reserve for legal claims related to construction defect matters was 926 million. As explained in Note L to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has established reserves for construction defect matters based on the estimated costs of pending legal claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future legal claims related to previously closed homes, and this liability is included within the accrued expenses and other liabilities account in the consolidated balance sheet. This reserve estimate is subject to a high degree of variability and ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. Management applies judgment in determining the key assumptions used in calculating the reserve for construction defect matters. 
 Auditing the reserve for construction defect matters is complex and especially challenging due to the judgmental nature of the key assumptions related to projections of the frequency of future claims and the costs to resolve claims in consideration of historical claims information. These assumptions are developed by management, are subjective in nature and have a significant effect on the determined amount of the reserve for construction defect matters. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for estimating the reserve for construction defect matters. We tested the Company s controls that address the risk of material misstatement related to the measurement and valuation of the reserve for construction defect matters, including the key assumptions related to the projections of the frequency and costs of future claims, and the completeness and accuracy of data used in the model developed by management. 
 To test the reserve for construction defect matters, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used, the key assumptions and the underlying data used by the Company in developing the reserve estimate. As management utilizes historical trends of frequency of claims incurred and the average cost to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where the Company operates in measuring the reserve estimate, we evaluated management s methodology for determining the frequency and cost of future claims assumptions by comparing these key assumptions to trends observed in historical Company claims data and other available information. In addition, we involved an actuarial specialist to assist with our procedures. Our specialist developed a range of values for the reserve estimate based on independently selected assumptions, which we compared to management s recorded amount to evaluate management s estimate. We also performed sensitivity analyses to determine the effect of changes in assumptions, where appropriate. We also tested completeness and accuracy of underlying claims data used in management s estimation calculations and performed recalculations to evaluate the accuracy of the model used by management to determine the estimate. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

November 19, 2024 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated November 19, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Fort Worth, Texas 
 November 19, 2024 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Inventories: Construction in progress and finished homes Residential land and lots developed and under development Land held for development Land held for sale Rental properties Total inventory Mortgage loans held for sale Deferred income taxes, net of valuation allowance of million 
 and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Property and equipment, net Other assets Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Notes payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note L) 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 
 shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, shares and shares 
 at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, at cost 
 ) ) Stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In millions, except per share data) Revenues Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expense Other (income) expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Basic net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Weighted average number of common shares Diluted net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Adjusted weighted average number of common shares See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF TOTAL EQUITY 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Equity (In millions, except common stock share data) Balances at September 30, 2021 shares) 
 ) Net income Exercise of stock options shares) 
 Stock issued under employee benefit plans shares) 
 Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Change of ownership interest in Forestar ) Noncontrolling interest acquired Balances at September 30, 2022 shares) 
 ) Net income Exercise of stock options shares) 
 Stock issued under employee benefit plans shares) 
 Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Change of ownership interest in Forestar ) Balances at September 30, 2023 shares) 
 ) Net income Exercise of stock options shares) 
 Stock issued under employee benefit plans shares) 
 Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Change of ownership interest in Forestar ) Balances at September 30, 2024 shares) 
 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In millions) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) Inventory and land option charges Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in construction in progress and finished homes ) Increase in residential land and lots 
 developed, under development, held for development and held for sale 
 ) ) ) Increase in rental properties ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Decrease (increase) in mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Payments related to business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of notes payable ) ) ) (Repayment) borrowings on mortgage repurchase facilities, net ) Proceeds from stock associated with certain employee benefit plans Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of Forestar common stock Net other financing activities ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In millions) SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Income taxes paid, net SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES Notes payable issued for inventory Reduction of notes payable upon deconsolidation of variable interest entity ) Stock issued under employee incentive plans See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE A 
 
 controlling interest in Forestar Group Inc. (Forestar) and therefore is required to consolidate 100 of Forestar within its consolidated financial statements, and the interest the Company does not own is accounted for as noncontrolling interests. All intercompany accounts, transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Cash balances of the Company s captive insurance subsidiary, which are expected to be used to fund the subsidiary s operations and pay future anticipated legal claims, were million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in the Company s balance sheet at September 30, 2023. During fiscal 2024, the Company determined that it no longer controlled the activities that most significantly impacted the variable interest entity s economic performance, and the variable interest entity is no longer consolidated. 
 
 The maximum exposure to losses related to the Company s unconsolidated variable interest entities is limited to the amounts of the Company s related deposits. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the deposits related to these contracts totaled billion and billion, respectively, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 years, depreciable lives of other furniture and equipment typically range from to years, and depreciable lives of buildings and improvements typically range from to years. See Note F. 

impairment charges were indicated or recorded. 
 
 Southwest South Central Southeast East North Forestar Total goodwill 

76 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in SG A expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2024 and million of unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2023. 

77 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years. Compensation expense for restricted stock unit awards is based on the fair value of the award (the Company s stock price on the date of grant), and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining vesting period. See Note K. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE B 
 
 homebuilding divisions, its rental operations, its majority-owned Forestar residential lot development operations, its financial services operations and its other business activities. The Company s reporting segments are its homebuilding reporting segments, its Forestar lot development segment, its financial services segment and its rental operations segment. 
 
 Homebuilding 
 
 The homebuilding operating segments are aggregated into reporting segments. The reporting segments and the states in which the Company has homebuilding operations are as follows: 
 Northwest: Colorado, Oregon, Utah and Washington Southwest: Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and New Mexico South Central: Arkansas, Oklahoma and Texas Southeast: Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi East: Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee North: Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin 
 
 Homebuilding is the Company s core business, generating , and of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company s homebuilding divisions are primarily engaged in the acquisition and development of land and the construction and sale of residential homes, with operations in markets across states. Most of the revenue generated by the Company s homebuilding operations is from the sale of completed homes and to a lesser extent from the sale of land and lots. 
 
 Rental 
 
 The Company s rental segment consists of single-family and multi-family rental operations. The single-family rental operations construct and lease single-family homes within a community and then generally market each community for a bulk sale of rental homes. The multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease and sell residential rental properties that are primarily apartment communities. 
 
 Forestar 
 
 The Forestar segment is a residential lot development company with operations in markets across states. The Company s homebuilding divisions acquire finished lots from Forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies. Forestar s segment results are presented on their historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 The Company s financial services segment provides mortgage financing and title agency services to homebuyers in many of the Company s homebuilding markets. The segment generates the substantial majority of its revenues from originating and selling mortgages and collecting fees for title insurance agency and closing services. The Company sells substantially all of the mortgages it originates and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers, typically within 60 days of origination. 
 
 Other 
 
 In addition to its homebuilding, rental, Forestar and financial services operations, the Company engages in other business activities through its subsidiaries. The Company conducts insurance-related operations, owns water rights and other water-related assets and owns non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements. The results of these operations are immaterial for separate reporting and therefore are grouped together and presented in the Eliminations and Other column in the tables that follow. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted cash 
 Inventories: 
 Construction in progress and finished homes ) Residential land and lots developed and under development ) Land held for development Land held for sale Rental properties ) Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Other assets 
 ) Goodwill 
 ) Liabilities Accounts payable 
 ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Notes payable 
 ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts include the balances of the Company s other businesses and the elimination of intercompany transactions. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted cash Inventories: Construction in progress and finished homes ) Residential land and lots developed and under development ) Land held for development Land held for sale Rental properties ) ) Mortgage loans held for sale Deferred income taxes, net ) ) Property and equipment, net Other assets ) Goodwill ) Liabilities Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Notes payable ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts include the balances of the Company s other businesses, the elimination of intercompany transactions and, to a lesser extent, purchase accounting adjustments. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales Financial services 
 ) Cost of sales Home sales (2) 
 ) Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Inventory and land option charges 
 ) Selling, general and administrative expense Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Summary Cash Flow Information Depreciation and amortization 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts include the results of the Company s other businesses and the elimination of intercompany transactions. 
 (2) Amount in the Eliminations and Other column represents the recognition of profit on lots sold from Forestar to the homebuilding segment. Intercompany profit is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements when Forestar sells lots to the homebuilding segment and is recognized in the consolidated financial statements when the homebuilding segment closes homes on the lots to homebuyers. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales Financial services 
 ) Cost of sales Home sales (2) 
 ) Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Inventory and land option charges 
 ) ) Selling, general and administrative expense Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Summary Cash Flow Information Depreciation and amortization 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts include the results of the Company s other businesses and the elimination of intercompany transactions. 
 (2) Amount in the Eliminations and Other column represents the recognition of profit on lots sold from Forestar to the homebuilding segment. Intercompany profit is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements when Forestar sells lots to the homebuilding segment and is recognized in the consolidated financial statements when the homebuilding segment closes homes on the lots to homebuyers. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales Financial services 
 ) Cost of sales Home sales (2) 
 ) Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Inventory and land option charges 
 ) Selling, general and administrative expense Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes ) Summary Cash Flow Information Depreciation and amortization 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts include the results of the Company s other businesses and the elimination of intercompany transactions. 
 (2) Amount in the Eliminations and Other column represents the recognition of profit on lots sold from Forestar to the homebuilding segment. Intercompany profit is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements when Forestar sells lots to the homebuilding segment and is recognized in the consolidated financial statements when the homebuilding segment closes homes on the lots to homebuyers. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Southwest South Central Southeast East North Corporate and unallocated (2) 
 
 ______________________________________________ 
 (1) Homebuilding inventories are the only assets included in the measure of homebuilding segment assets used by the Company s chief operating decision makers. 
 (2) Corporate and unallocated consists primarily of homebuilding capitalized interest and property taxes. 
 
 Homebuilding Results by Reporting Segment Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In millions) Revenues Northwest Southwest South Central Southeast East North Inventory and Land Option Charges Northwest Southwest South Central Southeast East North Income before Income Taxes (1) 
 Northwest Southwest South Central Southeast East North 
 ______________________________________________ 
 (1) Expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of homebuilding interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating the Company s corporate office. The amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each homebuilding segment based on the segment s cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each homebuilding segment based on the segment s inventory balances. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE C 
 
 million were impaired. As a result, impairment charges of million were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to reduce the carrying value of the related inventory to fair value. During fiscal 2024, impairment charges totaled million compared to million and million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to land purchase contracts that the Company has terminated or expects to terminate were million, million and million, respectively. Inventory impairments and land option charges are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE D 
 
 senior notes due 2024 (1) 
 senior notes due 2025 (1) 
 senior notes due 2026 (1) 
 senior notes due 2027 (1) 
 senior notes due 2034 (1) 
 Other notes 
 Rental Revolving credit facility Other notes Forestar Revolving credit facility senior notes due 2026 (2) 
 senior notes due 2028 (2) 
 Other notes Financial Services Mortgage repurchase facilities: Committed facility Uncommitted facility Total notes payable _____________ 
 
 (1) Debt issuance costs that were deducted from the carrying amounts of the homebuilding senior notes totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Debt issuance costs that were deducted from the carrying amount of Forestar s senior notes totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, maturities of consolidated notes payable, assuming the mortgage repurchase facility is not extended or renewed, are billion in fiscal 2025, million in fiscal 2026, million in fiscal 2027, billion in fiscal 2028, million in fiscal 2029 and million thereafter. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to of the total revolving credit commitments. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. The maturity date of the facility is October 28, 2027. At September 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding and million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of billion. 
 
 The Company s homebuilding revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on its operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if the leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. The credit agreement governing the facility and the indenture governing the senior notes also impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its homebuilding revolving credit facility and public debt obligations. 
 
 D.R. Horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in July 2024, registering debt and equity securities that the Company may issue from time to time in amounts to be determined. 
 
 In August 2024, the Company issued million principal amount of senior notes due , with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is . 
 
 October 2019 2.6 senior notes May 2020 1.3 senior notes August 2021 1.4 senior notes October 2020 5.0 senior notes August 2024 
 ___________ 
 (1) The Company may redeem the notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of of their principal amount or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted to the redemption date, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In October 2024, the Company repaid million principal amount of its senior notes at maturity. The senior notes and the senior notes are redeemable at a redemption price of of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after the date that is one month prior to the final maturity date of the notes. The senior notes are redeemable at a redemption price of of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after the date that is two months prior to the final maturity of the notes. The senior notes are redeemable at a redemption price of of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after the date that is three months prior to the final maturity of the notes. 
 (2) Interest is payable semi-annually on each of the series of senior notes. The annual effective interest rate is calculated after giving effect to the amortization of debt issuance costs and the discount, if applicable. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the Company s assets at September 30, 2024. Upon the occurrence of both a change of control of the Company and a ratings downgrade event, as defined in the indenture governing its senior notes, the Company would be required in certain circumstances to offer to repurchase these notes at of their principal amount, along with accrued and unpaid interest. Also, a change of control as defined in the revolving credit facility would constitute an event of default under the revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of any borrowings outstanding under the facility and the termination of the commitments thereunder. 
 
 The Company s homebuilding revolving credit facility and homebuilding senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. s significant wholly-owned homebuilding subsidiaries. 
 
 In July 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of the Company s debt securities. The authorization has no expiration date. All of the million authorization was remaining at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Rental 
 
 The Company s rental subsidiary, DRH Rental, has a billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. Availability under the rental revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of DRH Rental s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of million and of the total revolving credit commitments. The maturity date of the facility is October 10, 2027. Borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled billion and billion, respectively, during fiscal 2024. At September 30, 2024, there were million of borrowings outstanding at a annual interest rate and letters of credit issued under the facility, resulting in available capacity of million. 
 
 The rental revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. The financial covenants require DRH Rental to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. At September 30, 2024, DRH Rental was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility. 
 
 The rental revolving credit facility is guaranteed by DRH Rental s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries and have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. The rental revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of the Company s homebuilding, Forestar or financial services operations. 
 
 Forestar 
 
 Forestar has a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of million and of the total revolving credit commitments. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on the book value of Forestar s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. The maturity date of the facility is October 28, 2026. At September 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding and million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of million. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million principal amount of senior notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which represent unsecured obligations of Forestar. These notes include million principal amount of senior notes that mature May 15, 2026 and million principal amount of senior notes that mature March 1, 2028. The annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is and , respectively. Forestar s senior notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, subject to certain limitations and premiums defined in the indenture agreements. 
 
 The Forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. The financial covenants require Forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. At September 30, 2024, Forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations. 
 
 Forestar s revolving credit facility and its senior unsecured notes are guaranteed by Forestar s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries and have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. They are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of the Company s homebuilding, rental or financial services operations. 
 
 In April 2020, Forestar s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of Forestar s debt securities. The authorization has no expiration date. All of the million authorization was remaining at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 The Company s mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, has two mortgage repurchase facilities, one of which is committed and the other of which is uncommitted, that provide financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. DHI Mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facilities. 
 
 In August 2024, the committed mortgage repurchase facility was amended to extend its maturity date to May 9, 2025. The facility has a total capacity of billion, which can be increased to billion subject to the availability of additional commitments. At September 30, 2024, DHI Mortgage had an obligation of billion under the committed mortgage repurchase facility at a annual interest rate. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the uncommitted mortgage repurchase facility had a borrowing capacity of million, of which DHI Mortgage had an obligation of million at a annual interest rate. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of billion were pledged under the committed mortgage repurchase facility, and million of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of million were pledged under the uncommitted mortgage repurchase facility. 
 
 The facilities contain financial covenants as to the mortgage subsidiary s minimum required tangible net worth, its maximum allowable indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio and its minimum required liquidity. At September 30, 2024, DHI Mortgage was in compliance with all of the conditions and covenants of the mortgage repurchase facilities. 
 
 These mortgage repurchase facilities are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of the Company s homebuilding, rental or Forestar operations. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE E 
 
 Interest incurred (1) 
 Interest charged to cost of sales ) ) ) Capitalized interest, end of year 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Interest incurred in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 includes interest on the Company's mortgage repurchase facilities of million, million and million, respectively, and Forestar interest of million, million and million, respectively. Interest incurred in fiscal 2024 and 2023 also includes interest on the rental revolving credit facility of million and million, respectively. 

NOTE F 
 
 Model home furniture Office furniture and equipment Land Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total homebuilding Rental, net Forestar, net Financial services, net Other businesses and eliminations, net Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE G 
 
 billion had an aggregate outstanding principal balance of billion. At September 30, 2023, mortgage loans held for sale of billion had an aggregate outstanding principal balance of billion. During the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, mortgage loans originated totaled billion, billion and billion, respectively, and mortgage loans sold totaled billion, billion and billion, respectively. The Company had gains on sales of loans and servicing rights of million, million and million during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net gains on sales of loans and servicing rights are included in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. During fiscal 2024, approximately of the Company s mortgage loans were sold directly to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or into securities backed by Ginnie Mae, and were sold to one other major financial entity. 
 
 To manage the interest rate risk inherent in its mortgage operations, the Company hedges its risk using derivative instruments, generally forward sales of mortgage-backed securities (MBS), which are referred to as hedging instruments in the following discussion. The Company does not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Newly originated loans that have been closed but not committed to third-party purchasers are hedged to mitigate the risk of changes in their fair value. Hedged loans are committed to third-party purchasers typically within three days after origination. The notional amounts of the hedging instruments used to hedge mortgage loans held for sale may vary in relationship to the underlying loan amounts, depending on the movements in the value of each hedging instrument relative to the value of the underlying mortgage loans. The fair value change related to the hedging instruments generally offsets the fair value change in the mortgage loans held for sale. The net fair value change, which for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was not significant, is recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s mortgage loans held for sale that were not committed to third-party purchasers totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company also uses hedging instruments as part of a program to offer below market interest rate financing to its homebuyers. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had MBS totaling million and billion, respectively, that did not yet have interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) or closed loans created or assigned and recorded an asset of million and million, respectively, for the fair value of such MBS position. 
 
 Loan Commitments and Related Derivatives 
 
 The Company is party to IRLCs, which are extended to borrowers who have applied for loan funding and meet defined credit and underwriting criteria. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the notional amount of IRLCs, which are accounted for as derivative instruments recorded at fair value, totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company manages interest rate risk related to its IRLCs through the use of best-efforts whole loan delivery commitments and hedging instruments. These instruments are considered derivatives in an economic hedge and are accounted for at fair value with gains and losses recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the notional amount of best-efforts whole loan delivery commitments totaled million and million, respectively, and the notional amount of hedging instruments related to the remaining IRLCs totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company has recorded reserves for estimated losses on other mortgage loans, real estate owned and future loan repurchase obligations due to the limited recourse provisions, all of which are recorded as reductions of revenue. The loss reserve for loan repurchase and settlement obligations is estimated based on historical experience, analysis of the volume of mortgages originated, discussions with mortgage purchasers and current housing and credit market conditions, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests. The reserve balances at September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other mortgage loans and real estate owned net of the related loss reserves are included in other assets, while loan repurchase obligations are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE H 
 
 State Deferred tax expense (benefit): Federal ) State ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate was , and in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The effective tax rates for all years include an expense for state income taxes and tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and federal energy efficient homes tax credits. 
 
 Reconciliation of Expected Income Tax Expense 
 
 to income before income taxes during each year is due to the following: 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In millions) Income taxes at federal statutory rate Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Valuation allowance ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation ) ) ) Tax contingencies ) ) Other Total income tax expense 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inventory impairments Warranty and construction defect costs Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Incentive compensation plans Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Deferral of profit on home closings Depreciation of fixed assets Deferral of income Undistributed earnings of subsidiary Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 The Company has million of tax benefits for a federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforward. The utilization of the federal NOL is subject to IRC Section 382 limitations; however, it is expected that all of the federal NOL will be utilized within the carryforward period. D.R. Horton has million of tax benefits for state NOL carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. Of this amount, million of the tax benefits expire over the next ten years and the remaining million expire from fiscal years 2035 to 2044. Forestar has million of tax benefits for state NOL carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. 
 
 The accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. Differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial position. Also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and tax rates could affect future tax results and the valuation of the Company s deferred tax assets. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to deferred tax assets for state NOL and tax credit carryforwards that are expected to expire before being realized. The Company will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to the remaining state NOL and tax credit carryforwards. Any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefits recognized in the financial statements. 
 
 Decreases for tax positions taken in the current or prior years ) Settlements ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 
 All million of the unrecognized tax benefits recognized in fiscal 2024 impacted the effective tax rate. The Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in fiscal 2024 or 2023. The Company classifies interest expense and penalties on income taxes as income tax expense. 
 
 Regulations and Legislation 
 
 D.R. Horton is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for D.R. Horton s major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal years 2019 and 2021 through 2024. Fiscal year 2019 is open with respect to a federal refund claim related to additional energy efficient tax credits. This refund claim is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service. D.R. Horton is under audit by various states; however, the Company is not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities. 
 
 Forestar is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for Forestar s federal income tax remains open for examination for fiscal years 2021 through 2024. The statute of limitations for Forestar s major state tax jurisdictions generally remains open for examination for fiscal years 2019 through 2024. Forestar is not currently under audit for federal income taxes. Forestar is under audit by various states; however, Forestar is not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE I 
 
 Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted average common shares Effect of dilutive securities: Employee stock awards Denominator for diluted earnings per share adjusted weighted average common shares Basic net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Diluted net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. 

NOTE J 
 
 shares of common stock issued and shares outstanding. shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 
 
 In July 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to billion of the Company s common stock, replacing the previous authorization. The authorization has no expiration date. During fiscal 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock at a total cost, including commissions and excise taxes, of billion, of which billion was repurchased under previous authorizations. At September 30, 2024, there was billion remaining on the repurchase authorization. 
 
 The Board of Directors approved and the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of per common share in fiscal 2024 and per common share in fiscal 2023. In October 2024, the Board approved a quarterly cash dividend of per common share, payable on November 19, 2024 to stockholders of record on November 12, 2024. Cash dividends declared and paid in fiscal 2024 totaled million. 
 
 Forestar had an effective shelf registration statement, filed with the SEC in October 2021, registering million of equity securities, of which million was reserved for sales under an at-the-market equity offering (ATM) program. During fiscal 2024, Forestar issued shares of common stock under its ATM program for proceeds of million, net of commissions and other issuance costs totaling million. In September 2024, Forestar filed a new shelf registration statement, which became effective in October 2024, registering million of equity securities. At the time of filing the new registration statement, million of equity securities remained available for issuance under Forestar s prior registration statement, which has since expired. Forestar s ATM program expired in October 2024, and Forestar anticipates entering into a new ATM program under its September 2024 shelf registration statement. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE K 
 
 million, million and million of expense for matching contributions in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The Company s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) is a non-qualified deferred compensation program that provides benefits payable to certain management employees upon retirement, death or termination of employment. Under the SERP, the Company accrues an unfunded benefit based on a percentage of the eligible employees salaries, as well as an interest factor based upon a predetermined formula. The Company s liabilities related to the SERP were million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded million, million and million of expense for this plan in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a deferred compensation plan available to a select group of employees which allows participating employees to contribute compensation into the plan on a before tax basis and defer income taxation on the contributions until the funds are withdrawn from the plan. The participating employees designate investments for their contributions; however, the Company is not required to invest the contributions in the designated investments. The Company s net liabilities related to the deferred compensation plan were million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company records as SG A expense the amount that the employee contributions would have earned had the funds been invested in the designated investments. Related to this plan, the Company recorded a charge to expense of million and million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a credit to expense of million in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan provides eligible employees the opportunity to purchase common stock of the Company at a discounted price of of the fair market value of the stock on the designated dates of purchase. The price to eligible employees may be further discounted depending on the average fair market value of the stock during the period and certain other criteria. Under the terms of the plan, the total fair market value of common stock that an eligible employee may purchase each year is limited to the lesser of of the employee s annual compensation or . Under the plan, employees purchased shares for million in fiscal 2024, shares for million in fiscal 2023 and shares for million in fiscal 2022. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incentive Bonus Plan 
 
 The Company s Incentive Bonus Plan provides for the Compensation Committee to award short-term performance bonuses to senior management based upon the level of achievement of certain criteria. For fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Compensation Committee approved awards whereby certain executive officers could earn performance bonuses based upon percentages of the Company s pre-tax income. Compensation expense related to these plans was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million shares to the common stock reserved for issuance under the Stock Incentive Plan. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million shares of common stock reserved for issuance and million shares available for future grants under the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Equity Awards 
 
 During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, time-based RSUs were granted to the Company s executive officers, other key employees and non-management directors (collectively, approximately , and recipients, respectively). These awards vest annually in equal installments over periods of three to . 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Cancelled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year 
 
 The total fair value of shares vested on the vesting date during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. For fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, compensation expense related to time-based RSUs was million, million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested time-based RSU awards. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Equity Awards 
 
 During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, performance-based RSU equity awards that vest at the end of three-year performance periods were granted to the Company s executive officers. The number of units that ultimately vest depends on the Company s relative position as compared to its peers in achieving certain performance criteria and can range from to of the number of units granted. The performance criteria for the awards issued in fiscal 2022 and 2023 were total shareholder return, return on investment, SG A expense containment and homebuilding gross profit. The performance criteria for the awards issued in fiscal 2024 were total shareholder return, return on assets and operating margin. Compensation expense related to these grants is based on the Company s performance against a market index or its peer group, the elapsed portion of the performance period and the grant date fair value of the award. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 October 2022 September 2025 October 2023 (2) September 2026 
 _________________________ 
 (1) The performance RSUs granted in October 2021 totaled ; however, in March 2022, the Compensation Committee approved an amendment and restatement of this award to increase the RSUs granted from to . Concurrent with this change, the Compensation Committee amended the executive officer short-term performance bonus plan to reduce the amount of the award that could be earned. 
 (2) The performance RSUs granted in October 2023 were subsequently modified in December 2023 to change the performance criteria to total shareholder return, return on assets and operating margin. 
 
 In October 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the issuance of the performance-based RSUs that vested in September 2024 in the form of shares of common stock to satisfy the awards. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are granted at exercise prices which equal the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of the grant. The Company has not granted stock options in recent years and there were no options outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

Exercised ) ) ) Cancelled or expired Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds the option exercise price. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE L 
 
 Warranties issued Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties ) ) Settlements made ) ) Warranty liability, end of year 
 
 Legal Claims and Insurance 
 
 The Company is named as a defendant in various claims, complaints and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. At any point in time, the Company is managing several hundred individual claims related to construction defect matters, personal injury claims, employment matters, land development issues, contract disputes and other matters. The Company has established reserves for these contingencies based on the estimated costs of pending claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes. The estimated liabilities for these contingencies were million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Approximately of these reserves related to construction defect matters at both September 30, 2024 and 2023. Expenses related to the Company s legal contingencies were million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The Company s reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. As of September 30, 2024, no individual existing claim was material to the Company s financial statements. The Company has closed a significant number of homes during recent years and may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. Although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which the Company operates. Historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where the Company operates are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. These estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. Adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Increase in reserves Payments ) ) Reserves for legal claims, end of year 
 
 Prior to June 1, 2021, in the majority of states in which it operates, the Company has general liability insurance policies to provide risk transfer against a portion of the risk of loss from construction defect and other claims. The Company also contractually requires major subcontractors in most markets to have general liability insurance which includes construction defect coverage. The Company estimates and records receivables under these policies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. However, because the self-insured retentions under these policies are significant and the limits of the policies are finite, the Company anticipates it may be in large part self-insured. After June 1, 2021, except for contractual risk transfer, the Company is almost exclusively self-insured for construction defect exposures. The Company s estimated insurance receivables from estimated losses for pending legal claims and anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 In some states where the Company believes it is too difficult or expensive for its subcontractors to obtain general liability insurance, the Company has waived its normal subcontractor general liability insurance requirements to obtain lower costs from subcontractors. In these states, the Company purchases insurance policies from either third-party carriers or its wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and names certain subcontractors as additional insureds. The policies issued by the captive insurance subsidiary and the policies issued on or after June 1, 2020 by third-party carriers essentially represent self-insurance of these risks by the Company. 
 
 The Company is self-insured for the deductible amounts under its workers compensation insurance policies. The deductibles vary by policy year, but in no years exceed million per occurrence. The deductible for the 2023, 2024 and 2025 policy years is million per occurrence. 
 
 The estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to the Company s markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts, and it is not possible for the Company to make a reasonable estimate of the possible loss or range of loss in excess of its reserves. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion, consisting of cash deposits of billion and promissory notes and surety bonds of million, related to contracts to purchase land and lots with a total remaining purchase price of approximately billion. The majority of land and lots under contract are currently expected to be purchased within three years. Of these amounts, million of the deposits related to contracts with Forestar to purchase land and lots with a remaining purchase price of billion. A limited number of the homebuilding land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2024, representing million of remaining purchase price, were subject to specific performance provisions that may require the Company to purchase the land or lots upon the land sellers meeting their respective contractual obligations. Of the million remaining purchase price subject to specific performance provisions, million related to contracts between the homebuilding segment and Forestar. 
 
 During fiscal 2024 and 2023, Forestar reimbursed the homebuilding segment million and million, respectively, for previously paid earnest money and million and million, respectively, for pre-acquisition and other due diligence costs related to land purchase contracts whereby the homebuilding segment assigned its rights under contract to Forestar. 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding surety bonds of billion and letters of credit of million to secure performance under various contracts. Of the total letters of credit, million were issued under the homebuilding revolving credit facility and million were issued under Forestar s revolving credit facility. 
 
 The Company leases office space and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter 
 
 Rent expense was million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE M 
 
 Water rights and other water-related assets Insurance receivables Other receivables Prepaid assets Contract assets - insurance agency commissions Margin deposits related to hedging instruments Lease right of use assets Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage servicing rights Mortgage hedging instruments and commitments Other 

Employee compensation and related liabilities Warranty liability Inventory related accruals Customer deposits Accrued property taxes Mortgage hedging instruments and commitments Lease liabilities Accrued interest Federal and state income tax liabilities Broker deposits related to hedging instruments Interest rate lock commitments Other 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 NOTE N 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

106 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Mortgage servicing rights (2) Other assets Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (3): Interest rate lock commitments (4) Other assets Mortgage hedging instruments and commitments (5) Other assets and other liabilities ) ) 
 Fair Value at September 30, 2023 Balance Sheet Location Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In millions) Mortgage loans held for sale (1) Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights (2) Other assets Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (3): Interest rate lock commitments (4) Other assets and other liabilities ) ) Mortgage hedging instruments and commitments (5) Other assets and other liabilities 
 
 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value for the Year Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at September 30, 2023 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) Purchases / Originations Sales and Settlements Principal Reductions Net transfers to (out of) Level 3 Balance at September 30, 2024 (In millions) Mortgage loans held for sale (1) 
 ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (2) ) ) Interest rate lock commitments (4) ) Level 3 Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value for the Year Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at September 30, 2022 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) Purchases / Originations Sales and Settlements Principal Reductions Net transfers to (out of) Level 3 Balance at September 30, 2023 (In millions) Mortgage loans held for sale (1) 
 ) Mortgage servicing rights (2) ) Interest rate lock commitments (4) ) ) 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The Company typically elects the fair value option upon origination for mortgage loans held for sale. Interest income earned on mortgage loans held for sale is based on contractual interest rates and included in other income. Mortgage loans held for sale valued using Level 3 inputs at September 30, 2024 and 2023 include million and million, respectively, of loans for which the Company elected the fair value option upon origination and did not sell into the secondary market. Mortgage loans held for sale totaling million were transferred out of Level 3 to Level 2 during fiscal 2024 due to significant observable inputs used in determining the fair value of these loans. Mortgage loans held for sale totaling million were transferred to Level 3 during fiscal 2023 due to significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of these loans. The fair value of these mortgage loans held for sale is generally calculated considering pricing in the secondary market and adjusted for the value of the underlying collateral, including interest rate risk, liquidity risk and prepayment risk. The Company plans to sell these loans as market conditions permit. 
 (2) Although the majority of the Company s mortgage loans are sold on a servicing-released basis, when the servicing rights are retained, the Company records them at fair value using third-party valuations. The valuation at the time the servicing asset is retained is reflected in the purchases/originations column with subsequent changes in value classified as realized and unrealized gains (losses). The key assumptions used in the valuation, which are generally unobservable inputs, are mortgage prepayment rates, discount rates and delinquency rates, which were , and , respectively, at September 30, 2024 and , and at September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Fair value measurements of these derivatives represent changes in fair value, as calculated by reference to quoted prices for similar assets, and are reflected in the balance sheet as other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. The net fair value change in fiscal 2024 and 2023 recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations was not significant. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million change in fair value in other assets. The fair value of interest rate lock commitments at September 30, 2023 reflects a million change in fair value in other assets and a million change in fair value in other liabilities. 
 (5) The fair value of mortgage hedging instruments and commitments at September 30, 2024 reflects a million change in fair value in other assets and a million change in fair value in other liabilities. The fair value of mortgage hedging instruments and commitments at September 30, 2023 reflects a million change in fair value in other assets and a million change in fair value in other liabilities. 
 
 Mortgage loans held for sale (1) (3) 
 Mortgage loans held for sale Other mortgage loans (1) (4) 
 Other assets Real estate owned (1) (4) 
 Other assets 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The fair values included in the table above represent only those assets whose carrying values were adjusted to fair value as a result of impairment at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) In performing its impairment analysis of communities, discount rates ranging from to were used in the periods of impairment. 
 (3) These mortgage loans have some degree of impairment affecting their marketability and are valued at the lower of carrying value or fair value. When available, quoted prices in the secondary market are used to determine fair value (Level 2); otherwise, a cash flow valuation model is used to determine fair value (Level 3). 
 . 
 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 Notes payable (2) (3) 
 
 Carrying Value Fair Value at September 30, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 Notes payable (2) (3) 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) The fair values of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate their carrying values due to their short-term nature and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) The fair value of the senior notes is determined based on quoted prices, which is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (3) The fair values of other notes and borrowings on the revolving credit facilities and the mortgage repurchase facilities approximate carrying value due to their short-term nature or floating interest rate terms, as applicable, and are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files, furnishes, submits or otherwise provides the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports filed by the Company under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, in such a manner as to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, as stated in their report included herein. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Proposal One Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and Board Matters and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and CEO Pay Ratio in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table summarizes our equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2024. 
 (a) 
 Number of Shares to 
 be Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 (b) 
 Weighted-Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 3,617,516 (1) (2) 5,886,752 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders n/a Total 3,617,516 5,886,752 
 ______________ 
 (1) Amount includes outstanding restricted stock unit awards. The number of outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards is based on the target number of units granted. 
 (2) Restricted stock units have no exercise price. 
 (3) Amount includes 2,269,236 shares reserved for issuance under the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, employees purchased 137,347 shares of common stock in fiscal 2024. 
 
 The remaining information required by this item is set forth under the caption Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance and Board Matters in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the caption Independent Registered Public Accountants in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in (b) are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated June 29, 2017 by and among the Company, Force Merger Sub, Inc. and Forestar Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2017). 
 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company, dated January 31, 2006, and the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company dated March 18, 1992 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on February 2, 2006). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company , effective as of August 23, 2024 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024 ). 
 4.1 See Exhibit 3.1. 
 4.2 Senior Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2019, among the Company and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2020, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as trustee, relating to the 2.600 Senior Notes Due 2025 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2020). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 2, 2020, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee, relating to the 1.400 Senior Notes Due 2027 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2020). 
 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2021, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee, relating to the 1.300 Senior Notes due 2026 of D.R. Horton, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 
 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2021, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 
 4.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 14, 2024, among D.R. Horton, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee, relating to the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2034 of D.R. Horton, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2024). 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 4.8 Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2020, by and among Forestar Group Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2020). 
 4.9 Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2021, by and among Forestar Group Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2021). 
 4.10 Description of Securities. 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers and schedules of substantially identical documents (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1995, filed with the SEC on November 22, 1995 (file number 1-14122); Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1998, filed with the SEC on August 6, 1998; and Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2001). 
 10.2 D.R. Horton, Inc. 1991 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2002). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to 1991 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2002). 
 10.4 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the D.R. Horton, Inc. 1991 Stock Incentive Plan (Term Vesting) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 3-81856), filed with the SEC on July 22, 1994). 10.5 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on February 2, 2006). 
 10.6 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2011). 
 10.7 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of December 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2015). 
 10.8 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Employee - Term Vesting 2006 Form) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2006). 
 10.9 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Director - Term Vesting 2006 Form) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2006). 
 10.10 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Employee-Term Vesting 2008 Form) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2008). 
 10.11 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Outside Director-Term Vesting 2008 Form) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2008). 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2010). 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2011). 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Outside Director) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, filed with the SEC on January 29, 2013). 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 12, 2014). 
 10.16 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on April 24, 2015). 
 10.17 Form of Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2010). 
 10.18 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of January 17, 2024 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 18, 2024). 
 10.19 D.R. Horton, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan No. 1 (incorporated by reference from the Company s Transitional Report on Form 10-K for the period from January 1, 1993 to September 30, 1993, filed with the SEC on December 28, 1993 (file number 1-14122)). 10.20 D.R. Horton, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2008). 
 10.21 D.R. Horton, Inc. Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan No. 2 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2008). 
 10.22 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2018 Incentive Bonus Plan, dated November 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018). 
 10.23 Summary of Executive Compensation Notification - Executive Vice Chair, CEO , COO and CFO (fiscal 2024) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 202 3 , filed with the SEC on November 1 7 , 202 3 ). 
 10.24 Summary of Director Com pensation (fiscal 202 4 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 202 3 , filed with the SEC on November 1 7 , 202 3 ). 
 10.25 Summary of Executive Compensation Notification - Executive Chair man , CEO, COO and CFO (fiscal 202 5 ). 
 10.26 Summary of Director Compensation (fiscal 202 5 . 
 10.27 Grantor Trust Agreement, dated June 21, 2002, by and between the Company and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2002). 
 10.28 Credit Agreement, dated September 7, 2012, among the Company, the Lenders named therein and The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2012). 
 10.29 Amendment No.1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 2012, among the Company, The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2012). 
 10.30 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated August 8, 2013 , by and among the Company, The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2013). 
 10.31 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated August 22, 2014 , by and among Company, The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2014). 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.32 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated August 26, 2015 , by and among Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015). 
 10.33 Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated September 25, 2017 , by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2017). 
 10.34 Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated September 25, 2018 , by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2018). 
 10.35 Amendment No. 8 to Credit Agreement, dated February 15, 2019 , by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019). 
 10.36 Amendment No. 9 to Credit Agreement, dated October 2, 2019 , by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2019). 
 10.37 Amendment No. 10 to Credit Agreement, dated April 20, 2021 , by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2021). 
 10.38 Amendment No. 11 to Credit Agreement, dated October 28, 2022 , by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022). 
 10.39 Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2015, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2015). 
 10.40 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 26, 2016, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016). 
 10.41 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 27, 2016). 
 10.42 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 24, 2017, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017). 
 10.43 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 23, 2018, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018). 
 10.44 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2019, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2019). 
 10.45 Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2019, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2019). 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.46 Eighth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated June 21, 2019, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2019). 
 10.47 Ninth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2020, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020). 
 10.48 Tenth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2020, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 21, 2020). 
 10.49 Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021). 
 10.50 Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022). 
 10.51 First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2023, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023). 
 10.52 Second Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2024, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024). 
 10.53 Third Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated August 29, 2024, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 3, 2024). 
 10.54 Amended and Restated Custody Agreement, dated March 1, 2013, by and between DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent and representative of certain buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2015). 
 10.55 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2023 , between DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. and Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2023). 
 10.56 Credit Agreement, dated March 4, 2022, among DRH Rental, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 
 10.57 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated October 10, 2023, among DRH Rental, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 12, 2023). 
 10.58 Amended and Restated Stockholder s Agreement , dated October 28, 2024 , by and between the Company and Forestar Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2024). 
 10.59 Master Supply Agreement , dated June 29, 2017 , by and between the Company and Forestar Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2017). 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.60 Credit Agreement, dated August 16, 2018, among Forestar Group Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2018). 
 10.61 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated October 2, 2019 by and among Forestar Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2019). 
 10.62 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated April 16, 2021 by and among Forestar Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 
 10.63 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated October 28, 2022 by and among Forestar Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022). 
 19.1 Insider Trading Policy. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Fort Worth, Texas. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 D.R. Horton, Inc. Clawback Policy (effective October 2, 2023) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 97.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 17, 2023). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101). _____________________ Filed or furnished herewith. Submitted electronically herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Bill W. Wheat Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David V. Auld Executive Chairman and Director November 19, 2024 David V. Auld /s/ Paul J. Romanowski President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) November 19, 2024 Paul J. Romanowski /s/ Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 19, 2024 Bill W. Wheat /s/ Aron M. Odom Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) November 19, 2024 Aron M. Odom /s/ Barbara K. Allen Director November 19, 2024 Barbara K. Allen /s/ Brad S. Anderson Director November 19, 2024 Brad S. Anderson /s/ Michael R. Buchanan Director November 19, 2024 Michael R. Buchanan /s/ Benjamin S. Carson, Sr. Director November 19, 2024 Benjamin S. Carson, Sr. /s/ M. Chad Crow Director November 19, 2024 M. Chad Crow /s/ Elaine D. Crowley Director November 19, 2024 Elaine D. Crowley /s/ Maribess L. Miller Director November 19, 2024 Maribess L. Miller /s/ Barbara R. Smith Director November 19, 2024 Barbara R. Smith 
 118 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 a9302024ex410descriptionof.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 

Exhibit 4.10 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (1) our common stock, .01 par value per share, and (2) our 5.000 Senior Notes due 2034. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the charter and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our charter, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The vote of the holders of a majority of the stock represented at a meeting at which a quorum is present is generally required to take stockholder action, unless a greater vote is required by law. The holders are not entitled to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Directors are elected by the affirmative vote of the majority of votes cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present, except that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors are elected by a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director. 
 
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights. They are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. The common stock is not entitled to any sinking fund, redemption or conversion provisions. On our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in our net assets remaining after the payment of all creditors and liquidation preferences of preferred stock, if any. The outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, which currently serves as trustee for certain of our senior notes. 
 
 The following provisions in our charter or bylaws may make a takeover of our company more difficult 
 
 an article in our charter prohibiting stockholder action by written consent 
 
 an article in our charter requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock to remove a director 
 
 an article in our charter and a bylaw limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders to our board of directors or a committee authorized to call a meeting by the board or the bylaws and 
 
 bylaws establishing an advance written notice procedure for stockholders seeking to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters which can be acted upon at stockholders meetings. 
 
 These provisions may delay stockholder actions with respect to business combinations and the election of new members to our board of directors. As such, the provisions could discourage open market purchases of our common stock because a stockholder who desires to participate in a business combination or elect a new director may consider them disadvantageous. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock could delay or prevent a change of control or other corporate action. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute . As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prevents an interested stockholder from engaging in a business combination with us for three years following the date that person became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 before that person became an interested stockholder, our board of directors approved the transaction in which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or approved the business combination 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding stock held by persons who are both directors and officers of our corporation or by certain employee stock plans or 
 
 on or following the date on which that person became an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding voting stock excluding shares held by the interested stockholder. 
 
 An interested stockholder is generally a person owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. 
 
 Description of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2034 
 
 The following description of our 5.000 Senior Notes due 2034 (the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Senior Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2019 (the Base Indenture ), between the Company and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee (the Trustee ), as supplemented by the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 14, 2024, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors and the Trustee (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture ), which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. The Notes are traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the bond trading symbol of DHI 34 . 
 
 Definitions of certain terms are set forth under Certain Definitions and throughout this description. Capitalized terms that are used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture, and those definitions are incorporated herein by reference. We encourage you to read the above referenced Indenture for additional information. 
 
 General 
 
 The Notes were initially issued in an aggregate principal amount of 700 million. 
 
 The Notes bear interest from August 14, 2024, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date ), commencing April 15, 2025, to Holders of record at the close of business on April 1 or October 1, as the case may be, immediately preceding each such interest payment date. The Notes bear interest at 5.000 per annum and mature on October 15, 2034. 
 
 Additional Notes (the Additional Notes in an unlimited amount may be issued in one or more series from time to time on the same terms and conditions, except for issue date, and in certain cases the issue price and the first interest payment, either of which may differ from the respective terms of the previously issued Notes of the same series, and with the same CUSIP numbers as the Notes (to the extent permissible under applicable law) without the consent of Holders of the Notes. 
 
 The Notes are guaranteed by each of the Guarantors pursuant to the guarantees of the Notes (the Guarantees described below. The Guarantors do not include Forestar Group Inc., certain of our rental segment subsidiaries, and our subsidiaries that are engaged in the financial services and other non-homebuilding segments. These subsidiaries do not guarantee our existing homebuilding senior notes or our homebuilding revolving credit facility. In addition, the Notes are not guaranteed by several of our insignificant subsidiaries. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank senior in right of payment to any future Indebtedness of the Company that is, by its terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured Indebtedness of the Company that is not so subordinated, including our homebuilding revolving credit facility. The Guarantees described below are general unsecured obligations of the Guarantors and rank senior in right of payment to any future Indebtedness of the Guarantors that is, by its terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantees and rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured Indebtedness of the Guarantors that is not so subordinated, including our homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 Secured creditors of the Company and the Guarantors have a claim on the assets that secure the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors to such creditors prior to claims of Holders of the Notes against those assets, to the extent of the value of such assets. Our homebuilding revolving credit facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit under the facility that may be secured by cash collateral. 

Optional Redemption 
 
 Prior to July 15, 2034 (the date that is 3 months prior to the maturity date of the Notes) (the Par Call Date ), the Company may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of 
 
 (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 
 
 (2) 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 
 
 plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 
 Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 
 
 The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4 15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) H.15 under the caption U.S. government securities Treasury constant maturities Nominal (or any successor caption or heading) H.15 TCM ). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 
 
 If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11 00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 
 
 The Company s actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary s procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of 2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 
 
 Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. 
 
 The Guarantees 
 
 The Notes are guaranteed by each of the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantees. The Guarantors do not include Forestar, certain of our rental segment subsidiaries, and our subsidiaries that are engaged in the financial services and other non-homebuilding segments. These subsidiaries do not guarantee our existing homebuilding senior notes or our homebuilding revolving credit facility. In addition, the Notes are not guaranteed by several of our insignificant subsidiaries. Under the circumstances described under Certain Covenants Additional Guarantees, the Company is required to cause subsidiaries that are not Guarantors to become Guarantors. 
 
 Each of the Guarantors unconditionally guarantees on a joint and several basis all of the Company s obligations under the Notes, including its obligations to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. The Guarantees are general unsecured obligations of the Guarantors and rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured Indebtedness of the Guarantors that is not, by its terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantees. The obligations of each Guarantor are limited to the maximum amount which, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor and after giving effect to any collections from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under its Guarantee or pursuant to its contribution obligations under the Indenture, will result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under federal or state law. Each Guarantor that makes a payment or distribution under a Guarantee shall be entitled to a contribution from each other Guarantor in an amount pro rata, based on the adjusted net assets of each Guarantor, as defined in the Indenture. 
 
 The Indenture provides that, in the event of (i) the sale or other disposition of Capital Stock of any Guarantor if as a result of such disposition, such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Guarantor (other than to the Company or another Guarantor), (iii) a merger or consolidation of a Guarantor with a Person other than the Company or another Guarantor, or (iv) a Guarantor ceasing to guarantee any (a) Indebtedness of the Company outstanding under any of the Credit Facilities and (b) Publicly Traded Debt Securities, then such Guarantor (in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above) will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged from all obligations under the Indenture and the Notes and the Person acquiring such assets (in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above) shall not be required to assume the Guarantor s obligations under the Indenture and the Notes, or otherwise become a Guarantor, in each case without any further action required on the part of the Trustee, any Holder, the Company or any Guarantor provided that such sale, disposition or other transaction is otherwise in compliance with the Indenture. 
 
 Except as provided in the covenants described under Certain Covenants below, the Indenture does not prevent any consolidation or merger of a Guarantor with or into the Company or another Guarantor, nor does it prevent any sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Guarantor to the Company or another Guarantor. Upon any such consolidation, merger, or disposition, the Guarantee given by such Guarantor will no longer have any force or effect. 
 
 Certain Covenants 
 
 The following is a summary of certain covenants contained in the Indenture. Such covenants are applicable (unless waived or amended as permitted by the Indenture) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding and are not defeased or discharged pursuant to provisions described under Defeasance below. 
 
 Restrictions on Secured Debt 
 
 The Indenture provides that the Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Guarantor to, create, incur, assume or guarantee any Secured Debt unless the Notes are secured equally and ratably with (or prior to) such Secured Debt, provided that the foregoing does not prohibit the creation, incurrence, assumption or guarantee of 

(1) Secured Debt which is secured by Liens on model homes, homes held for sale, homes that are under construction or under contract for sale, contracts for the sale of homes, land (improved or unimproved), contracts for the sale of land, project club houses, amenity centers and common areas, manufacturing plants, warehouses, distribution facilities or office buildings, and fixtures and equipment located at or on any of the foregoing or leasehold or other interests in any of the foregoing 
 
 (2) Secured Debt which is secured by a Lien on property at the time of its acquisition by the Company or a Guarantor, which Lien secures obligations assumed by the Company or a Guarantor, or on the property of a corporation or other entity at the time it is merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Guarantor or becomes a Guarantor as a result of the acquisition of its Capital Stock by the Company or a Guarantor (other than Secured Debt created in contemplation of the acquisition of such property or the consummation of such a merger or consolidation or acquisition where the Lien attaches to or affects the property of the Company or a Guarantor prior to such transaction) 
 
 (3) Secured Debt which is secured by Liens arising from conditional sales agreements or title retention agreements with respect to property acquired by the Company or a Guarantor 
 
 (4) Secured Debt which is secured by Liens securing Indebtedness of a Guarantor owing to the Company or to another Guarantor 
 
 (5) Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien and 
 
 (6) any amendment, restatement, supplement, renewal, replacement, extension, refinancing or refunding, in whole or in part Refinanced Debt ), of Secured Debt that was permitted to be created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed pursuant to clauses (1) through (5) above at the time of the original creation, incurrence, assumption or guarantee thereof, or by this clause (6), provided , in each case, that the principal amount of the Refinanced Debt does not exceed the principal amount of the Secured Debt being refinanced, extended, renewed or replaced (plus accrued interest thereon and expenses of refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement) and such Refinanced Debt is not secured by any additional properties of the Company or any Guarantor (other than accessions and proceeds). 
 
 In addition, the Company and the Guarantors may create, incur, assume or guarantee Secured Debt, without equally or ratably (or on a senior basis) securing the Notes, if immediately thereafter the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount (or the accreted value thereof, in the case of any Secured Debt issued with original issue discount) of all Secured Debt outstanding (excluding Secured Debt permitted under clauses (1) through (6) above and any Secured Debt in relation to which the Notes have been secured equally and ratably (or on a senior basis)) and (2) all Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (excluding Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions satisfying the conditions set forth in clauses (1) and (2) and if the 365 day period referenced therein shall have expired, also clause (3) under Restrictions on Sale and Leaseback Transactions as of the date of determination would not exceed 20 of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets. 
 
 Restrictions on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 
 The Indenture provides that the Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Guarantor to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, unless 
 
 (1) notice is promptly given to the Trustee of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction 
 
 (2) fair value is received by the Company or a Guarantor for the property sold (as determined in good faith pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors of the Company delivered to the Trustee) and 
 
 (3) the Company or a Guarantor, within 365 days after the completion of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction, applies an amount equal to the net proceeds therefrom either 
 
 (A) to the redemption, repayment or retirement of (a) debt securities of any series under the Indenture (other than a series that, pursuant to the applicable supplemental indenture or authorizing resolution, does not have the benefit of this covenant or its equivalent), including the cancellation by the Trustee of any securities of any such series delivered by the Company to the Trustee, or (b) any other Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor (other than Indebtedness which by its terms or the terms of the instrument by which it was issued is subordinate in right of payment to the Notes or any such other series of debt securities), or 
 
 (B) to the purchase by the Company or a Guarantor of property substantially similar to the property sold or transferred. 

Without regard to the foregoing, the Company and the Guarantors may enter into a Sale and Leaseback Transaction if immediately thereafter the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount of all Secured Debt outstanding (excluding Secured Debt permitted under clauses (1) through (6) described in Restrictions on Secured Debt above or Secured Debt in relation to which the Notes have been secured equally and ratably (or on a senior basis)) and (2) all Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (excluding Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions satisfying the conditions set forth in clauses (1) and (2) and if the 365 day period referenced therein shall have expired, also clause (3) above) as of the date of determination would not exceed 20 of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets. 
 
 Repurchase of Notes upon Change of Control Triggering Event 
 
 In the event that there shall occur a Change of Control Triggering Event, except as otherwise provided below, the Company shall make an offer to each Holder of the Notes (the Change of Control Offer to purchase all or any part of such Holder s Notes at 101 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase (the Change of Control Purchase Price in accordance with the procedures set forth below. 
 
 On or before the thirtieth day after any Change of Control Triggering Event, or, at the Company s option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company shall be obligated to make the Change of Control offer by mailing, or causing to be mailed, to all Holders of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, a notice regarding the Change of Control Triggering Event and the Change of Control Offer. The notice shall state the payment date for the repurchase of the Notes, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed. The notice may, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, also state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on a Change of Control or Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 
 
 The Company will comply with applicable law, including Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14e-1 thereunder, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control or Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Triggering Event provisions of the Indenture, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Triggering Event provisions of the Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 
 
 The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer after a Change of Control Triggering Event if (1) a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer, (2) the Company has given notice to redeem all Notes in accordance with the redemption provisions of the Indenture as described above under the caption Optional Redemption, unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price or (3) in connection with or in contemplation of any Change of Control for which a definitive agreement is in place, the Company or a third party has made an offer to purchase (an Alternate Offer any and all Notes properly tendered at a cash price equal to or higher than the Change of Control Purchase Price and has purchased all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn in accordance with the terms of such Alternate Offer. 
 
 With respect to any disposition of assets, the phrase all or substantially all as used in the Indenture (including as set forth under Limitations on Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets below) varies according to the facts and circumstances of the subject transaction, has no clearly established meaning under New York law (which governs the Indenture) and is subject to judicial interpretation. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty in ascertaining whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, and therefore it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control, and by extension, Change of Control Triggering Event, has occurred. 
 
 None of the provisions relating to a repurchase upon a Change of Control Triggering Event is waivable by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company could, in the future, enter into certain transactions, including certain recapitalizations of the Company, that would not result in a Change of Control Triggering Event, but would substantially increase the amount of Indebtedness outstanding at such time. 
 
 The Indenture requires the payment of money for Notes or portions thereof validly tendered to and accepted for payment by the Company pursuant to a Change of Control Offer. In the event that a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred under the Indenture, a change of control may have also occurred under the agreements governing other Indebtedness of the Company or its subsidiaries. If a Change of Control Triggering Event were to occur, there can be no assurance that the Company would have sufficient funds to pay the purchase price for all Notes and amounts due under other Indebtedness that the Company may be required to repurchase or repay. In the event that the Company were required to purchase outstanding Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer, the Company expects that it would need to seek third-party financing to the extent it 

does not have available funds to meet its purchase obligations. However, there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to obtain such financing. 
 
 Failure by the Company to purchase the Notes when required upon a Change of Control Triggering Event will result in an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 
 
 These provisions could have the effect of deterring hostile or friendly acquisitions of the Company where the Person attempting the acquisition views itself as unable to finance the purchase of the principal amount of Notes which may be tendered to the Company upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event. 
 
 Amendment or waiver of the provisions described in this covenant will require consent of Holders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of Notes. 
 
 Limitations on Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets 
 
 The Indenture provides that neither the Company nor any Guarantor will consolidate or merge with or into, or sell, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (including by way of liquidation or dissolution), to any Person (in each case other than in a transaction in which the Company or a Guarantor is the survivor of a consolidation or merger, or the transferee in a sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition) unless 
 
 (1) the Person formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be), or to which such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition will be made (collectively, the Successor ), is a corporation or other legal entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor assumes by supplemental indenture in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee all of the obligations of the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, under the Notes or a Guarantee, as the case may be, and the Indenture, and 
 
 (2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 The foregoing provisions shall not apply to 
 
 (a) the consolidation or merger of a Guarantor, or the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Guarantor, that in any such case results in such Guarantor being released from its Guarantee or the Successor not being required to become a Guarantor, as the case may be, as provided under The Guarantees above, or 
 
 (b) a transaction the purpose of which is to change the state of incorporation of the Company or any Guarantor. 
 
 Upon any such consolidation, merger, sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the Successor will be substituted for the Company or the relevant Guarantor under the Indenture. The Successor may then exercise every power and right of the Company or the relevant Guarantor under the Indenture, and except in the case of a lease, the Company or the relevant Guarantor will be released from all of its liabilities and obligations in respect of the Notes, the Guarantee and the Indenture. If the Company or a Guarantor leases all or substantially all of its assets, the Company or such Guarantor will not be released from its obligations to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
 
 Additional Guarantees 
 
 If (a) any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor shall guarantee any (i) Indebtedness of the Company outstanding under any of the Credit Facilities or (ii) Publicly Traded Debt Securities, or (b) the Company elects to add any Subsidiary as a Guarantor, then such Subsidiary shall (i) execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s obligations under the Notes and under the Indenture on the terms set forth in the Indenture and (ii) deliver to the Trustee an opinion of counsel that such supplemental indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Subsidiary and constitutes a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of such Subsidiary. Thereafter, such Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor for all purposes of the Indenture until it is released from its obligations as a Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture. 

Events of Default 
 
 The following are Events of Default in respect of the Notes under the Indenture 
 
 (1) the failure by the Company to pay interest on any such Note when the same becomes due and payable and the continuance of any such failure for a period of 30 days 
 
 (2) the failure by the Company to pay the principal or premium of any such Note when the same becomes due and payable at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise 
 
 (3) the failure by the Company or any Guarantor to comply with any of its agreements or covenants in, or provisions of, such Notes, the Guarantees (as relating to the Notes) or the Indenture (as relating to the Notes) and such failure continues for the period and after the notice specified below (except in the case of a default under the covenants described under Repurchase of Notes upon Change of Control Triggering Event and Limitations on Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets, which will constitute an Event of Default with notice but without passage of time) 
 
 (4) the acceleration of any Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness) of the Company or any Guarantor that has an outstanding principal amount of 50 million or more, individually or in the aggregate, and such acceleration does not cease to exist, or such Indebtedness is not satisfied, in either case within 30 days after such acceleration 
 
 (5) the failure by the Company or any Guarantor to make any principal or interest payment in an amount of 50 million or more, individually or in the aggregate, in respect of Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Indebtedness) of the Company or any Guarantor within 30 days of such principal or interest becoming due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace period set forth in the documents governing such Indebtedness) 
 
 (6) the Company or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law 
 
 (A) commences a voluntary case, 
 
 (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, 
 
 (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or 
 
 (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
 
 (7) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that 
 
 (A) is for relief against the Company or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary as debtor in an involuntary case, 
 
 (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary or a Custodian for all or substantially all of the property of the Company or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary, or 
 
 (C) orders the liquidation of the Company or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 days or 
 
 (8) any Guarantee of a Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee and the Indenture) or is declared null and void and unenforceable or found to be invalid or any Guarantor denies its liability under its Guarantee (other than by reason of release of a Guarantor from its Guarantee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Guarantee). 
 
 A Default as described in subclause (3) above will not be deemed an Event of Default until the Trustee notifies the Company, or the Holders of at least 25 percent in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes notify the Company and the Trustee, of the Default and (except in the case of a default with respect to the covenants described under Repurchase of Notes upon Change of Control Triggering Event and Limitations on Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets the Company does not cure the Default within 60 days after receipt of the notice. The notice must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that the notice is a Notice of Default. If such a Default is cured within such time period, it ceases to exist, without any action by the Trustee or any other Person. 

If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default with respect to the Company resulting from subclauses (6) or (7) above), shall have occurred and be continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the Holders of at least 25 percent in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare all such Notes to be due and payable immediately. Upon such declaration of acceleration, the amounts due and payable on such Notes will be due and payable immediately. If an Event of Default with respect to the Company specified in subclauses (6) or (7) above occurs, such an amount will ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration, notice or other act on the part of the Trustee and the Company or any Holder. 
 
 The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding by written notice to the Trustee may waive an existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences with respect to the Notes, other than any Default or Event of Default in payment of principal or interest. Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequence (except an acceleration due to nonpayment of principal or interest on such Notes) if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all existing Events of Default (other than the non-payment of accelerated principal) have been cured or waived. 
 
 The Holders may not enforce the provisions of the Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power, provided, however, that such direction does not conflict with the terms of the Indenture. The Trustee may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing Default or Event of Default (except any Default or Event of Default in payment of principal or interest on the Notes or that resulted from the failure to comply with the covenant entitled Repurchase of Notes upon Change of Control Triggering Event if the Trustee determines that withholding such notice is in the Holders interest. 
 
 The Company is required to deliver to the Trustee an annual officers certificate stating whether or not the signers know of any continuing Default by the Company in performing any of its obligations under the Indenture. In addition, the Company is required to deliver to the Trustee written notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days after a senior officer of the Company obtains knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. 
 
 Defeasance 
 
 The Indenture permits us and the Guarantors to terminate all our respective obligations under the Indenture as they relate to the Notes, other than the obligation to pay interest, if any, on and the principal of the Notes and certain other obligations, at any time by 
 
 depositing in trust with the Trustee, under an irrevocable trust agreement, money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient to pay principal of and interest, if any, on the Notes to their maturity or redemption and 
 
 complying with other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of an opinion of counsel to the effect that Holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of our exercise of such right and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case otherwise. 
 
 The Indenture also permits us and the Guarantors to terminate all of our respective obligations under the Indenture as they relate to the Notes, including the obligations to pay interest, if any, on and the principal of the Notes and certain other obligations, at any time by 
 
 depositing in trust with the Trustee, under an irrevocable trust agreement, money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient to pay principal of and interest, if any, on the Notes to their maturity or redemption and 
 
 complying with other conditions, including delivery to the Trustee of an opinion of counsel to the effect that (A) we have received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (B) since the date the Notes were originally issued, there has been a change in the applicable federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion of counsel shall state that, Holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of our exercise of such right and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case otherwise. 
 
 In addition, the Indenture permits us and the Guarantors to terminate substantially all our respective obligations under the Indenture as they relate to the Notes by depositing with the Trustee money or U.S. government obligations sufficient to pay all principal and interest on the Notes at their maturity or redemption date if the Notes will become due and payable at maturity within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year of the deposit. 

Amendment, Supplement and Waiver 
 
 Without notice to or the consent of any Holder, we and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes to 
 cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency 
 
 comply with the provisions of the Indenture regarding the consolidation, merger, sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of us or any Guarantor of the Notes 
 
 provide that specific provisions of the Indenture shall not apply to a series of debt securities not previously issued or to make a change to specific provisions of the Indenture that only applies to any series of debt securities not previously issued or to additional debt securities of a series not previously issued 
 
 create a series and establish its terms 
 
 provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes 
 
 delete a Guarantor which, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, ceases to be liable on its Guarantee of the Notes 
 
 add a Guarantor in respect of the Notes 
 
 comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act or 
 
 make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder. 
 
 With the exceptions discussed below, we and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Notes with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. In addition, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may waive any existing default under, or compliance with, any provision of the Notes or of the Indenture relating to the Notes, other than any event of default in payment of interest or principal. These consents and waivers may be obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the Notes. 
 
 Without the consent of each Holder affected, we and the Trustee may not 
 
 reduce the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver 
 
 reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest, including defaulted interest 
 
 reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Note or alter the provisions with respect to redemptions of the Notes 
 
 modify the ranking or priority of the Notes or any Guarantee 
 
 release any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Guarantee or the Indenture except in accordance with the Indenture 
 
 make any change to any provision of the Indenture relating to the waiver of existing defaults, the rights of Holders to receive payment of principal and interest on the Notes, or to the provisions regarding amending or supplementing the Indenture or the Notes with the written consent of the Holders of such Notes 
 
 waive a continuing default or event of default in the payment of principal of or interest on the Notes or 
 
 make any Note payable at a place or in money other than that stated in the Note, or impair the right of any Holder of a Note to bring suit as permitted by the Indenture. 
 
 The right of any Holder to participate in any consent required or sought pursuant to any provision of the Indenture, and our obligation to obtain any such consent otherwise required from such Holder, may be subject to the requirement that such Holder shall have been the Holder of record of Notes with respect to which such consent is required or sought as of a record date fixed by us in accordance with the Indenture. 

Concerning the Trustee 
 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Trustee provides, and may continue to provide, service to us as series trustee under indenture relating to our senior notes and is a lender under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. The Indenture contains limitations on the rights of the Trustee, should it become our creditor, to obtain payment of claims in specified cases or to realize on property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Indenture permits the Trustee to engage in other transactions however, if it acquires any conflicting interest, it must eliminate such conflict or resign. 
 
 The Indenture provides that in case an event of default occurs and is not cured, the Trustee will be required, in the exercise of its power, to use the degree of care of a prudent person in similar circumstances in the conduct of such person s own affairs. The Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any right or power under the Indenture, unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 The laws of the State of New York govern the Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees. 
 
 Certain Definitions 
 
 Set forth below is a summary of certain of the defined terms used in the Indenture. Reference is made to the Indenture for the full definition of all terms used in the Indenture. 
 
 Additional Notes has the meaning set forth in General. 
 
 Attributable Debt means, in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction, the present value (discounted at the weighted average effective interest cost per annum of the outstanding debt of the Company, compounded semiannually) of the obligation of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such transaction, including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended or, if earlier, until the earliest date on which the lessee may terminate such lease upon payment of a penalty (in which case the obligation of the lessee for rental payments shall include such penalty), after excluding all amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water and utility rates and similar charges. 
 
 Bankruptcy Law means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 
 Capital Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of or in such Person s capital stock or other equity interests. 
 
 Capitalized Lease Obligations of any Person means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP, and the amount of such obligations will be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Change of Control means 
 
 (1) any sale, lease or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company) provided , however , that a transaction where the holders of all classes of Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, Voting Stock representing more than 50 of the voting power of all Voting Stock of such Person immediately after such transaction shall not be a Change of Control 
 
 (2) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act (other than (x) the Company or (y) Donald R. Horton, Terrill J. Horton, or their respective wives, children, grandchildren and other descendants, or any trust or other entity formed or controlled by any of such individuals (each an Excluded Person ))) publicly discloses, including, without limitation, by filing a Schedule 13D or Schedule TO, or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries publicly discloses, including without limitation, by filing any other schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act (including, without limitation, a Current Report on Form 8-K), facts indicating that such person or group has become the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of Voting Stock of the Company representing more than 50 of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company or 

(3) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company provided , however , that a liquidation or dissolution of the Company that is part of a transaction that does not constitute a Change of Control under the proviso contained in clause (1) above shall not constitute a Change of Control. 
 
 Any person or group whose acquisition of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control under clause (2) of the foregoing definition in respect of which a Change of Control Offer is made in accordance with the requirements of the Indenture will thereafter, together with its Affiliates, constitute an additional Excluded Person. 
 
 Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Downgrade Event. 
 
 Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets of the Company as of any date means the Consolidated Tangible Assets of the Company and the Guarantors at the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding such date less (a) the book value of any assets securing any Non-Recourse Indebtedness, and (b) all short term liabilities of the Company and the Guarantors, except for liabilities payable by their terms more than one year from the date of determination (or renewable or extendible at the option of the obligor to a maturity date more than one year after such date) and liabilities in respect of retiree benefits other than persons for which the Company or the Guarantors are required to accrue pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 715-60 (or any successor provision), in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Consolidated Tangible Assets of the Company as of any date means the book value of the total assets of the Company and the Guarantors (less applicable reserves) on a consolidated basis at the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding such date, less (1) Intangible Assets and (2) appropriate adjustments on account of minority interests of other Persons holding equity investments in Guarantors, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Credit Facilities means, collectively, each of the credit facilities and lines of credit of the Company or one or more Guarantors in existence on the date of the Indenture and one or more future facilities or lines of credit among or between the Company or one or more Guarantors and one or more lenders pursuant to which the Company or any Guarantor may incur indebtedness for working capital and general corporate purposes (including acquisitions), as any such facility or line of credit may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and includes any agreement extending the maturity of, increasing the amount of, or restructuring, all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such facility or line of credit or any successor facilities or lines of credit and includes any facility or line of credit with one or more lenders refinancing or replacing all or any portion of the Indebtedness under such facility or line of credit or any successor facility or line of credit provided , in each case, that such credit facility shall provide for commitments, or there shall be loans or other extensions of credit outstanding thereunder, in each case in excess of 50 million. 
 
 Currency Agreement of any Person means any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person or any of its Subsidiaries against fluctuations in currency values. 
 
 Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, custodian or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law. 
 
 Default means any event, act or condition that is, or after notice or the passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Events of Default. 
 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the accounting standards codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such or any other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession of the United States, as in effect on the Issue Date. 
 
 Guarantee means the guarantee of the Notes by each Guarantor under the Indenture. 
 
 Guarantors means (i) the Guarantors and (ii) each of the Company s Subsidiaries that becomes a guarantor of the Notes pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture, in each case until subsequently released from its Guarantee pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture. 
 
 Holder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered in the books of the registrar for the Notes. 
 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, 

(1) any liability of such Person (a) for borrowed money or under any reimbursement obligation relating to a letter of credit or other similar instruments (other than any standby letter of credit or similar instrument issued for the account of, or any surety, performance, completion or payment bond, earnest money note or similar purpose undertaking or indemnification agreement issued or entered into by or for the account of, such Person in the ordinary course of business), (b) evidenced by a bond, note, debenture or similar instrument (including a purchase money obligation) given in connection with the acquisition of any businesses, properties or assets of any kind or with services incurred in connection with expenditures that constitute capital expenditures in accordance with GAAP (other than any obligation to pay a contingent purchase price as long as such obligation remains contingent), or (c) in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations, 
 
 (2) any Indebtedness of others described in clause (1) above that such Person has guaranteed to the extent of the guarantee, and 
 
 (3) all Indebtedness of others described in clause (1) above secured by a Lien on any property of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person provided that the amount of the Indebtedness of such Person shall be the lesser of (a) the fair market value of such property and (b) the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons 
 
 provided , that Indebtedness shall not include accounts payable, liabilities to trade creditors of such Person or other accrued expenses arising in the ordinary course of business or obligations under Currency Agreements or Interest Protection Agreements. 
 
 Intangible Assets means with respect to the Notes, all unamortized debt discount and expense, unamortized deferred charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, write-ups of assets over their prior carrying value (other than write-ups which occurred prior to the Issue Date and other than, in connection with the acquisition of an asset, the write-up of the value of such asset (within one year of its acquisition) to its fair market value in accordance with GAAP) and all other items which would be treated as intangibles on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Guarantors prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Interest Protection Agreement of any Person means any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, option or futures contract or other similar agreement or arrangement designed to protect such Person or any of its Subsidiaries against fluctuations in interest rates with respect to Indebtedness. 
 
 Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody s (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moody s) a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch) a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 
 
 Issue Date means the date on which the Notes are originally issued under the Indenture. 
 
 Lien means, with respect to any property, any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, hypothecation, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such property. For purposes of this definition, a Person shall be deemed to own, subject to a Lien, any property which it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such property. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 
 Non-Guarantor Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor. 
 
 Non-Recourse Indebtedness with respect to any Person means Indebtedness of such Person for which (1) the sole legal recourse for collection of principal and interest on such Indebtedness is against the specific property identified in the instruments evidencing or securing such Indebtedness (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof) and such property was acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness or such Indebtedness was incurred within 180 days after the acquisition of such property and (2) no other assets of such Person may be realized upon in collection of principal or interest on such Indebtedness. Indebtedness which is otherwise Non-Recourse Indebtedness will not lose its character as Non-Recourse Indebtedness because there is recourse to the borrower, any guarantor or any other Person for (a) environmental or tax warranties and indemnities and such other representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities as are customarily required in such transactions, or (b) indemnities for and liabilities arising from fraud, misrepresentation, misapplication or non-payment of rents, profits, insurance and condemnation proceeds and other sums actually received by the borrower from secured assets to be paid to the lender, waste and mechanics liens. 

Permitted Liens means any Lien 
 
 (1) incurred or deposits made to secure the performance of tenders, bids, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, development obligations, progress payments, government contracts, utility services, developer s or other obligations to make on-site or off-site improvements and other obligations of like nature (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money but including the items referred to in the parenthetical in clause (1)(a) of the definition of Indebtedness ), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company and the Guarantors, 
 
 (2) constituting attachment or judgment liens, 
 
 (3) securing Non-Recourse Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor provided , that it applies only to the property financed out of the net proceeds of such Non-Recourse Indebtedness (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof), 
 
 (4) securing Purchase Money Indebtedness provided , that it applies only to the property acquired, constructed or improved with the proceeds of such Purchase Money Indebtedness (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof), 
 
 (5) constituting purchase money Liens (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) provided , that it applies only to the property acquired (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof) and the related Indebtedness is incurred within 180 days after the acquisition of such property, 
 
 (6) constituting the right of a lender or lenders to which the Company or a Guarantor may be indebted to offset against, or appropriate and apply to the payment of such, Indebtedness any and all balances, credits, deposits, accounts or money of the Company or a Guarantor with or held by such lender or lenders or its affiliates, 
 
 (7) constituting the pledge or deposit of cash or other property in conjunction with obtaining surety, performance, completion or payment bonds and letters of credit or other similar instruments or providing earnest money obligations, escrows or similar purpose undertakings or indemnifications in the ordinary course of business of the Company and the Guarantors, 
 
 (8) incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, water, sewage or other public improvement bonds or any similar bonds, 
 
 (9) statutory Liens of landlords and carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , suppliers , materialmen s, repairmen s or other Liens imposed by law and arising in the ordinary course of business, 
 
 (10) leases or subleases granted to others not materially interfering with the ordinary course of business of the Company and the Guarantors taken as a whole, 
 
 (11) Liens securing community development district bonds or similar bonds issued by any governmental authority to accomplish similar purposes, 
 
 (12) Liens on assets and properties of joint ventures or limited partnerships that are not wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company or any of the Guarantors, and 
 
 (13) Liens securing the Company s or the Guarantors obligations to third parties, in connection with joint development agreements with such third parties, to perform and or pay for or reimburse the costs of construction and or development related to or benefiting Company s or the Guarantors property and property belonging to such third parties. 
 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 
 Publicly Traded Debt Securities means any issue of debt securities of the Company or any of the Guarantors originally issued in a public offering registered with the SEC or in an offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and of which issue at least 50.0 million aggregate principal amount is outstanding. 
 
 Purchase Money Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price, or the cost of construction or improvement, of any property to be used in the ordinary course of business by the Company and the Guarantors provided, however, that (1) the aggregate principal amount of 

such Indebtedness shall not exceed such purchase price or cost and (2) such Indebtedness shall be incurred no later than 180 days after the acquisition of such property or completion of such construction or improvement. 
 
 Rating Agency means (1) each of Moody s, Fitch and S or (2) if any of Moody s, Fitch or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available (for reasons outside of the Company s control), a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined under Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Company s Board of Directors) as a replacement Rating Agency for Moody s, Fitch or S&P, or all three, as the case may be. 
 
 Ratings Downgrade Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered independently by each of the Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by all three Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) provided that a Ratings Downgrade Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Ratings Downgrade Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at the Company s request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Ratings Downgrade Event). 
 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means a sale or transfer made by the Company or a Guarantor of any property which is either (a) a manufacturing facility, project club house, amenity center and common area, office building, warehouse or distribution facility whose book value equals or exceeds 1 of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets as of the date of determination or (b) another property which exceeds 5 of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets as of the date of determination, if such sale or transfer is made with the agreement, commitment or intention of leasing such property to the Company or a Guarantor, provided that Sale and Leaseback Transaction shall not include (1) a sale and leaseback transaction relating to a property entered into within 180 days after the later of (i) the date of acquisition of such property by the Company or a Guarantor and (ii) the date of the completion of construction or commencement of full operations on such property, whichever is later, (2) a sale and leaseback transaction which has a lease of no more than three years in length or (3) a sale or transfer made to the Company or another Guarantor. 
 
 Secured Debt means any Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor which is secured by (a) a Lien in any property of the Company or a Guarantor (other than property excluded in clause (b)) or (b) a Lien on Capital Stock owned directly or indirectly by the Company or a Guarantor in a corporation or other entity (other than a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary) or in the rights of the Company or a Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness of a corporation or other entity (other than a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary) in which the Company or a Guarantor owns Capital Stock. The securing in the foregoing manner of any such Indebtedness which immediately prior thereto was not Secured Debt shall be deemed to be the creation of Secured Debt at the time security is given. For the avoidance of doubt, cash collateralized letters of credit under our homebuilding revolving credit facility will not constitute Secured Debt. 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act. 
 
 Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company which would constitute a significant subsidiary as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 
 
 Subsidiary of any Person means any corporation or other entity of which a majority of the Capital Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such entity or other persons performing similar functions is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person. 
 
 Successor has the meaning set forth in Certain Covenants Limitations on Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets. 
 
 Trustee means the party named as such above until a successor replaces such party in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder. 

Voting Stock of any specified person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 
 
 Book Entry, Delivery and Form 
 
 The Notes were issued in the form of two fully registered Global Notes (the Global Notes ). The Global Notes were delivered on or about the Issue Date with the Trustee, on behalf of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of the Depositary (such nominee being referred to herein as the Global Note Holder ). 
 
 The Depositary is a limited-purpose trust company which was created to hold securities for its participating organizations (collectively, the Participants or the Depositary s Participants and to facilitate the clearance and settlement of transactions in such securities between Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its Participants. The Depositary s Participants include securities brokers and dealers (including the underwriters), banks and trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. Access to the Depositary s system is also available to other entities such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies (collectively, the Indirect Participants or the Depositary s Indirect Participants that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant, either directly or indirectly. Persons who are not Participants may beneficially own securities held by or on behalf of the Depositary only through the Depositary s Participants or the Depositary s Indirect Participants. 
 
 So long as the Global Note Holder is the registered owner of any Notes, the Global Note Holder will be considered the sole owner or Holder of such Notes outstanding under the Indenture. Except as provided below, beneficial owners of Notes will not be entitled to have Notes registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in definitive form, and will not be considered the Holders thereof under the Indenture for any purpose, including with respect to the giving of any directions, instructions or approvals to the Trustee thereunder. As a result, the ability of a Person having a beneficial interest in Notes represented by the Global Note to pledge such interest to Persons or entities that do not participate in the Depositary s system or to otherwise take actions in respect of such interest may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate evidencing such interest. 
 
 None of the Company, the Trustee, the paying agent and the registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of Notes by the Depositary, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records of the Depositary relating to such Notes. 
 
 Payments in respect of the principal, premium, if any, and interest on any Notes registered in the name of a Global Note Holder on the applicable record date will be payable by the paying agent to such Global Note Holder in its capacity as the registered Holder under the Indenture. 
 
 Under the terms of the Indenture, the Company and the Trustee may treat the Persons in whose names the Notes, including the Global Notes, are registered as the owners thereof for the purpose of receiving such payments and for any and all other purposes whatsoever. Consequently, neither the Company nor the Trustee has or will have any responsibility or liability for the payment of such amounts to beneficial owners of Notes (including principal, premium, if any, and interest). 
 
 The Company believes, however, that it is currently the policy of the Depositary to immediately credit the accounts of the relevant Participants with such payment, in amounts proportionate to their respective holdings in principal amount of beneficial interests in the relevant security as shown on the records of the Depositary. Payments by the Depositary s Participants and the Depositary s Indirect Participants to the beneficial owner of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practice and will be the responsibility of the Depositary s Participants or the Depositary s Indirect Participants. 
 
 As long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note, the Depositary s nominee will be the Holder of the Notes and therefore will be the only entity that can exercise a right to repayment or repurchase of the Notes. Notice by Participants or Indirect Participants or by owners of beneficial interests in a Global Note held through such Participants or Indirect Participants of the exercise of the option to elect repayment of beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Note must be transmitted to the Depositary in accordance with its procedures on a form required by the Depositary and provided to Participants. In order to ensure that the Depositary s nominee will timely exercise a right to repayment with respect to a particular Note, the beneficial owner of such Note must instruct the broker or the Participant or Indirect Participant through which it holds an interest in such Note to notify the Depositary of its desire to exercise a right to repayment. Different firms have cut-off times for accepting instructions from their customers and, accordingly, each beneficial owner should consult the broker or other Participant or Indirect Participant through which it holds an interest in a Note in order to ascertain the cut-off time by which such an instruction must be given in order for timely notice to be delivered to the Depositary. The Company will not be liable for any delay in delivery of notices of the exercise of the option to elect repayment. 

Certificated Securities 
 
 Subject to certain conditions, any Person having a beneficial interest in a Global Note may, upon request to the Company or the Trustee, exchange such beneficial interest for Notes in the form of certificated securities. Upon any such issuance, the Trustee is required to authenticate and deliver such Notes to such Person or Persons (or the nominee of any thereof). In addition, if (i) the Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Note and a successor depository is not appointed by the Company within 90 days of such notice or (ii) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the registrar has received a request from the Depositary to issue certificated securities, then, upon surrender by the relevant Global Note Holder of its Global Note, certificated Notes will be issued to each Person that such Global Note Holder and the Depositary identify as the beneficial owner of such Notes. 
 
 Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall be liable for any delay by the related Global Note Holder or the Depositary in identifying the beneficial owners of Notes and each such Person may conclusively rely on and shall be protected in relying on, instructions from the Global Note Holder or of the Depositary for all purposes (including with respect to the registration and delivery, and the respective principal amounts of the Notes to be issued). 
 
 Same-day Settlement and Payment 
 
 Payments in respect of the Notes (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Global Note Holders. The Company expects that secondary trading in the certificated Notes also will be settled in immediately available funds. 
 
 Transfer and Exchange 
 
 A Holder may transfer or exchange the Notes in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture. The registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The registrar is not required to transfer or exchange any Note selected for redemption. Also, the registrar is not required to transfer or exchange any Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of the Notes to be redeemed. 
 
 The registered Holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 a9302024exhibit1025execs.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 

Exhibit 10.25 
 Executive Compensation Notification 
 Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Fiscal 2025 Compensation Program of Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Base Salaries and Annual Incentive Bonus The table below sets forth the fiscal 2025 base salaries and bonuses for Mr. Auld, Mr. Romanowski, Mr. Murray and Mr. Wheat. 
 
 Annual Base Salary Annual Incentive Bonus Name Office Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2025 David V. Auld Executive Chairman 700,000 See Below Paul J. Romanowski President and CEO 700,000 See Below Michael J. Murray Executive Vice President and COO 500,000 See Below Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and CFO 500,000 See Below 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Annual Incentive Bonus On October 23, 2024, the Compensation Committee approved performance-based goals for measuring short-term performance bonuses that may be earned by Mr. Auld, Mr. Romanowski, Mr. Murray and Mr. Wheat during fiscal 2025. The fiscal 2025 performance goals were established under the Company s 2018 Incentive Bonus Plan. The fiscal 2025 performance goals for Mr. Auld, Mr. Romanowski, Mr. Murray and Mr. Wheat relate to achieving positive consolidated pre-tax income as set forth below. 
 
 Annual Incentive Bonus Performance Related to Pre-Tax Income PTI Bonus 
 
 Mr. Auld. Under the fiscal 2025 incentive bonus program, Mr. Auld has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonuses 
 
 (1) Up to 0.10 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2025, and 
 (2) Up to 0.10 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2025, 
 provided, however, that for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, no more than (1) 0.10 of Pre-Tax Income for the year or (2) 10,000,000 in the aggregate, may be paid for the 2025 PTI Bonus. 
 
 Mr. Romanowski. Under the fiscal 2025 incentive bonus program, Mr. Romanowski has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonuses 
 
 (1) Up to 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2025, and 
 (2) Up to 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2025, 
 
 provided, however, that for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, no more than (1) 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income for the year or (2) 15,000,000 in the aggregate, may be paid for the 2025 PTI Bonus. 
 
 Mr. Murray. Under the fiscal 2025 incentive bonus program, Mr. Murray has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonuses 
 
 (1) Up to 0.125 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2025, and 
 (2) Up to 0.125 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2025, 
 
 provided, however, that for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, no more than (1) 0.125 of Pre-Tax Income for the year or (2) 12,500,000 in the aggregate, may be paid for the 2025 PTI Bonus. 

Mr. Wheat. Under the fiscal 2025 incentive bonus program, Mr. Wheat has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonuses 
 
 (1) Up to 0.10 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2025, and 
 (2) Up to 0.10 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2025, 
 
 provided, however, that for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, no more than (1) 0.10 of Pre-Tax Income for the year or (2) 10,000,000 in the aggregate, may be paid for the 2025 PTI Bonus. 
 
 PTI Bonus Cash and Stock Allocation For all of these executives, the total amount of the Fiscal 2025 PTI Bonus that may be paid in cash shall be limited to 50 of the total 2025 PTI Bonus and the remaining portion of the 2025 PTI Bonus will be paid settled in fully vested common stock granted under the Company's 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 2024 Plan or other applicable authorized shares. Any PTI Bonus paid in cash or stock is subject to the overall caps or limits applicable to each individual discussed herein. 
 
 Pre-Tax Income shall mean income before income taxes, as publicly reported by the Company in its quarterly or annual financial statements, as applicable, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The financial statements shall mean the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 
 Performance Stock Units On October 23, 2024, the Compensation Committee approved an award of performance stock units PSUs pursuant to the Company's 2024 Plan to the following executive officers and in the following amounts 
 
 Name Office Target Number of Performance Stock Units David V. Auld Executive Chairman 36,079 Paul J. Romanowski President and CEO 90,198 Michael J. Murray Executive Vice President and COO 75,165 Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and CFO 54,119 
 
 The PSUs relate to a three-year performance period beginning on October 1, 2024 and ending on September 30, 2027 and vest based on achievement of operating and performance goals. The target number of PSUs may be increased to a maximum number of two or three times the target number and decreased to zero depending on the level of performance achieved and applicable weighting on each of the Performance Goals. 
 
 Additional terms related to the Compensation Programs herewithin are consistent with the programs previously reported by the Company in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting held in January 2024. 
 
 Other Long-Term Benefits. 
 Mr. Auld, Mr. Romanowski, Mr. Murray and Mr. Wheat may participate in two separate deferred compensation plans. The first plan allows the executive to make voluntary income deferrals. The second plan is a commitment by the Company to pay benefits to the executive. If the executive is employed by the Company on the last day of the fiscal year (for example September 30, 2025), then the Company will establish a liability equal to 10 of his annual base salary as of the first day of the fiscal year (for example October 1, 2024). This liability will accrue earnings in future years at a rate established by the administrative committee. 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 a9302024ex1026directors.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 

Exhibit 10.26 
 Summary of Director, Committee and Chairperson Compensation 

On October 23, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board approved cash director fees, committee member fees and chairperson fees to be paid to non-management directors of the Company for the meetings beginning in January 2025. Director fees, committee fees and chairperson fees are only paid to non-management directors as summarized below 
 
 Each non-management director will receive a director fee of 20,000 per board meeting attended in person or virtually, paid quarterly and not to exceed 80,000 per year. 
 
 Each non-management director who serves on a committee of the Board will receive a fee of 1,250 per committee meeting attended in person or virtually, paid quarterly and not to exceed 5,000 per year. 
 
 Each non-management director who serves as the chairperson of a committee of the Board shall receive a fee of 625 per committee meeting attended in person or virtually, paid quarterly and not to exceed 2,500 per year. 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 a9302024ex191insidertradin.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

Exhibit 19.1 
 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 Effective Date November 18, 2024 
 
 Introduction 
 Federal and state laws prohibit purchasing, selling, or making other transfers of the securities of a company on the basis of material nonpublic information MNPI ). These laws also prohibit persons with MNPI from communicating such information to a third party who then trades (generally known as tipping ). Violations of insider trading laws can result in severe fines and criminal penalties. 
 The Board of Directors of D.R. Horton, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company has adopted this insider trading policy (this Policy to provide guidelines regarding transactions in the securities of the Company or securities of another public company and the handling of nonpublic information regarding the Company or another company that Company Personnel (as defined below) may become aware of in the normal course of business. This Policy is designed to protect the Company and the Company s Insiders (as defined below), from insider trading violations, or allegations of such violations, and to protect the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest ethical standards. 
 It is the responsibility of all directors, officers and employees of the Company, and any contractors or consultants who may be provided access to MNPI, whom the Company has notified as such (collectively, Company Personnel to read and fully understand the Policy and comply with, and to ensure their Family Members and Controlled Entities (each, as defined below, and collectively with Company Personnel, the Insiders comply with, the Policy and the insider trading laws. Company Personnel are also responsible for exercising judgment so as to avoid even the appearance of impropriety regarding this Policy. 
 Highlights of the Policy 
 No Insider may buy, sell, gift or otherwise trade in Company stock or other Company securities (collectively, Company securities or securities of other companies that do business with the Company while aware of MNPI, or tip such information to others. The Company s common stock is publicly traded and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the ticker symbol DHI . 
 No Insider may at any time engage in any form of derivative transactions (such as short sales or option puts or calls in Company securities or otherwise engage in any hedging transactions with respect to Company securities. 
 No Insider may pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan or purchase Company securities on margin. 
 All Insiders may trade in Company securities only when the Company is in an open trading window so long as they are not aware of MNPI. The open trading window will be closed at 5 00 pm (Eastern Time) on the last business day of each quarter and reopens 24 hours or one full trading day following the Company s earnings announcement, whichever is later. The Company may close the trading window at other times as announced by a senior governance officer or securities counsel of the Company or, if there is no officer with such title, such other officer as may have authority over governance or securities compliance matters (the Governance Officer ). 
 Even when an open trading window is open, all directors, Section 16 officers and Restricted Individuals (as defined below) must pre-clear all transactions in Company securities with the Governance Officer prior to engaging in any transaction in Company securities. 
 Disciplinary Action and Penalties 
 Disciplinary action may result from any violation of this Policy. Violators may also face severe penalties from authorities, including significant fines or jail terms. In addition, companies and other controlling persons could face liabilities if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by Company Personnel. 
 
 Page 1 

All Insiders 
 Insider trading and tipping. 
 Prohibition on Insider Trading. No Insider may buy, sell, gift, donate or otherwise trade (including a same day sale or cashless exercise of a stock option) in Company securities while he or she is aware of MNPI. The mere fact that a person is aware of MNPI is a bar to trading. There is no defense under the federal securities laws that such person s reasons for trading were not based on the MNPI. 
 Material information generally means information that a reasonable investor would consider important in making his or her investment decisions, or information that is reasonably certain to have an effect on the price of a company s securities, and may include, but is not limited to, dividend changes, sales or earnings estimates or reports, changes in previously released sales or earnings estimates or reports, significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements, major litigation, significant cybersecurity incidents, credit or liquidity problems, upcoming company news releases and material management developments. 
 Nonpublic information is information that is not generally known or available to the public. The Company considers information to be available to the public only when 
 it has been released to the public by the Company through appropriate channels (e.g., by means of a filing with the SEC, a press release through a widely disseminated news or wire service, or otherwise in accordance with Regulation FD of the SEC) and 
 enough time has elapsed to permit the investment market to absorb and evaluate the information. 
 Generally, information is considered to be nonpublic until the greater of 24 hours or one full trading day has elapsed following public disclosure. The fact that rumors, speculation, or statements attributed to unidentified sources are public is insufficient to be considered widely disseminated even when the information is accurate. 
 Prohibition on Tipping. No Insider may pass MNPI along tip to others or recommend that they buy or sell Company securities based on MNPI. 
 As discussed above, there are strict legal prohibitions against trading on and tipping MNPI and violations of these prohibitions may result in civil penalties, criminal fines and or jail terms. Both the Company and supervisory individuals may be liable if they know or recklessly disregard the fact that a person under their control is likely to engage in insider trading and fail to take appropriate steps to prevent it. As such, if MNPI is inadvertently disclosed, the person making or discovering that disclosure should immediately report the facts to the Governance Officer for the Company. 
 Transactions in other company securities. Insiders who in the course of their responsibilities or relationship with the Company become aware of MNPI about another company, including the Company s customers, distributors, vendors, suppliers, collaborators, partners, or competitors, are also prohibited from trading in the securities of that company or tipping that information to others. 
 Transactions subject to this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, trading and transactions include 
 purchases and sales of Company securities 
 making gifts or donations of Company securities, except Family gifts discussed below and 
 executing a same-day sale (e.g., a cashless or broker-assisted exercise) of Company securities obtained through the exercise of securities issued by the Company. 
 Trading window. 
 Restricted trading window. Except as set forth below, Insiders may trade in Company securities only during designated open trading windows . 
 During a closed trading window (also known as a blackout trading window ), Insiders may not buy, sell, gift or donate Company securities, execute a same-day sale (including a cashless exercise) of an option or stock appreciation right, or make any other trade in Company securities, except as discussed below. 
 Page 2 

Insiders also need to be aware of any outstanding limit orders they may have with brokers (sale or purchase orders) and must cancel them for the period during which the trading window is closed unless such order is under an approved pre-arranged trading plan (discussed below). 
 Even when the trading window is open, no Insider may trade in Company securities at a time when he or she is aware of MNPI about the Company. 
 Close of trading window blackout trading window. Generally, the trading window closes from 5 00 pm (Eastern Time) on the last business day of each quarter and reopens the greater of 24 hours or one full trading day following the Company s earnings announcement. The Company may also close the trading window and require some or all Insiders to refrain from trading in connection with major events or announcements. Notice of any such window closure will be given to the applicable Insiders, who then may not trade until they have been formally notified that the trading restriction has been lifted. If you are subject to a special trading blackout, you should not disclose to others the fact that the trading window has been closed. 
 Exceptions to closed or blackout trading window. The Company and Insiders may engage in the following transactions in Company securities during a closed or blackout trading window 
 net withholding of shares (i.e., reduction of shares delivered) by the Company to satisfy withholding taxes or exercise price upon vesting or exercise of equity awards granted under the Company s compensation plans 
 issuance of Company securities to Company Personnel as a result of vesting of an equity award or vesting of ESPP shares, provided that, the Company Personnel may not conduct a subsequent market transaction with such securities during a closed trading window 
 option exercises for cash, including the cash payment of any required withholding tax (but not including cashless exercises and other sales of securities acquired upon exercise of the options) 
 transactions by Insiders effected in accordance with a Company approved Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan (discussed below) and 
 transfers or gifts to Family members, provided that, such recipient may not transfer or sell such Company securities during a closed trading window (i.e., transfers or gifts to family trusts or partnerships or similar transactions) Family gifts . 
 All short sales are prohibited. Because of the inherent potential for abuse with short sale transactions (i.e., a person selling securities that he or she does not own and delivering borrowed securities to the buyer), the Company also prohibits all Insiders from shorting the sale of Company securities, whether or not the sale is against the box (i.e., a transaction in which the seller already owns a number of securities at least equal to the number sold short). 
 Derivative transactions (including hedging transactions) are prohibited. Buying, selling, writing or otherwise entering into any derivative transaction related to Company securities, including options, warrants, puts, calls, and similar rights that have an exercise or conversion privilege that is related to the price of a Company security, or similar securities with a value derived from the value of a Company security are prohibited (in each case, other than the receipt or exercise of employee stock options or other derivative securities that the Company issues to Company Personnel pursuant to the Company s compensation plans). This prohibition of derivative transactions extends to any transactions designed to hedge or offset, or that have the effect of hedging or offsetting, any decrease in the market value of Company securities. As such, Insiders may not utilize financial instruments, such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars or exchange funds. 
 Pledging is prohibited. Securities pledged as collateral may be sold without the pledgor s consent if the pledgor defaults on a loan, and as a result a foreclosure sale may result in unlawful insider trading. Because of this risk, the Company prohibits Insiders from either pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan or purchasing Company securities on margin. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Transactions. Company Personnel are prohibited under this Policy from (1) making an election to participate in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP for an enrollment period, (2) increasing or decreasing the amount of their periodic contributions to the ESPP or (3) selling Company stock pursuant to the ESPP at any time when they are aware of MNPI or are otherwise restricted from trading under this Policy. The restrictions in this Policy, however, do not apply to purchases of Company stock resulting from an employee s or officer s periodic contribution of money to the ESPP pursuant to a payroll deduction election made when such officer or employee was not aware of MNPI. 
 Page 3 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans. Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act provides an affirmative defense against insider trading liability if trades occur pursuant to a written plan, contract or arrangement that meets the specified conditions thereunder (a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan ). Transactions under a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan may occur even when the person who has entered into the plan is aware of MNPI. Any Insider seeking to enter into a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must receive pre-approval from an executive officer of the Company and the Governance Officer prior to entering into such plan, and the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
 Family Members Controlled Entities. This Policy applies to family members living in the same household (spouses, parents, children, siblings and in-laws), and others living in the same household of any Company Personnel, and any family members who do not live in the household of Company Personnel but whose transactions in Company securities are directed by, or subject to the influence of, Company Personnel (together, Family Members ). Company Personnel are responsible for compliance with this Policy by their Family Members. 
 This Policy also applies to all investment decisions made by persons covered by this Policy. Any restriction applicable to a person (or Family Member) under this Policy also applies to securities that he or she has the power to direct by virtue of being a shareholder, director, officer, partner, trustee or executor of a business, partnership, not-for-profit organization, trust, estate or similar entity (collectively, Controlled Entities ), and the Controlled Entity may not buy, sell, gift or otherwise trade Company securities (or securities of other companies that do business with the Company) on behalf of any other person or entity at a time when this Policy does not permit that person to buy, sell, gift or otherwise trade for his or her own account. 
 Directors, Section 16 Officers and Certain Restricted Individuals Pre-Clearance Policy 
 This section describes additional rules that apply only to the Company s directors, Section 16 officers and certain other restricted individuals. A Section 16 officer means officer as defined by Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and includes the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and certain other officers that have been advised by the Company that they are required to file reports pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or are otherwise required to file reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. A Restricted Individual is any other designated employee identified by the Company as a Restricted Individual, and such designation has been communicated in writing to such individual by the Governance Officer. 
 Each director, Section 16 officer and Restricted Individual must, in addition to abiding by the general rules described above, contact the Governance Officer and pre-clear any transactions (including any purchase, sale, gift or donation) in Company securities subject to the trading window, other than exempted transactions described below. The pre-clearance rule also applies to trading by Family Members and Controlled Entities of directors, Section 16 officers and Restricted Individuals. Pre-clearance is intended to 
 facilitate the timely reporting of transactions under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as applicable 
 protect against liability for short-swing profits 
 protect against inadvertent violations of the insider trading laws and 
 avoid the appearance of improper trading. 
 Directors, Section 16 officers and Restricted Individuals should be aware that the deadline for reporting transactions in Company securities is short transactions typically must be reported within two business days . 
 Control Persons , including directors and Section 16 officers, are required to file a Form 144 in advance of the sale of Company securities. This form is required to be filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Generally, a broker that assists a director or Section 16 officer with the sale of Company securities should assist with the filing of the Form 144. If you have not provided your EDGAR codes to the brokerage firm you are using, please allow additional time to get the information to your brokerage firm so that they can file the Form 144. The notice on Form 144 is effective for a maximum of three months, so sales over longer periods will require multiple Form 144 filings. 
 Page 4 

In order to receive clearance for a transaction, a director, Section 16 officer or Restricted Individual should request and receive a pre-clearance in advance, which will include information about the proposed transaction as well as transactions for the prior six months and anticipated future transactions. The Governance Officer will review the request and verify the information regarding recent transactions against the Company s records. Unless the Governance Officer indicates otherwise, clearance of a proposed transaction is effective through the end of ten calendar days (or other period indicated by the Governance Officer to the requesting person) from the time the Governance Officer grants the clearance. If the transaction order is not placed and executed within that time period, clearance must be requested again. In addition, if subsequent to obtaining clearance, the director, Section 16 officer or Restricted Individual becomes aware of MNPI, he or she must refrain from trading. A response from the Governance Officer that a requested trade was not cleared should be kept confidential to avoid signaling to other employees that something material and nonpublic may be happening with respect to the Company. 
 The pre-clearance requirement does not apply to transactions under an approved Rule 10b5-1 Plan. 
 Questions, Reporting, and Pre-Clearance 
 Any questions regarding the specifics of this Policy, reports of insider trading or any inadvertent release of MNPI, or requests for pre-clearance should be directed to Thomas B Monta o, Governance Officer, by email at tbmontano drhorton.com. 
 Post-Termination Transactions 
 This Policy continues to apply to transactions in Company securities even after termination of the Insider s service to or relationship with the Company if such person is aware of MNPI when such person s service terminates until that information has become public or is no longer material. In all other respects, the procedures set forth in this Policy will cease to apply to an Insider s transactions following the termination of the related Company Personnel s service to the Company, unless such termination occurs when the trading period is closed, in which case this Policy will cease to apply to the Insider upon the opening of the next trading period after termination. If the Insider is a director or Section 16 officer, the Insider must continue to comply with the restricted trading periods and pre-clearance rules for a six-month period following the termination of the Insider s service to the Company. 
 Company Transactions 
 From time to time, the Company may engage in transactions in its own securities. It is the Company s policy to comply with applicable securities and state law (including appropriate approvals by the Board of Directors or appropriate committee, if required) when engaging in transactions in the Company s securities. 
 Page 5 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 a9302024ex211subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF D.R. HORTON, INC. 
 As of September 30, 2024 NAME 
 STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION 
 DOING BUSINESS AS Active Resource Management LLC Arizona Austin Data, Inc. Texas BLM Nevada I, LLC Delaware BLM Nevada II, LLC Delaware BLM Nevada III, LLC Delaware BLM Nevada IV, LLC Delaware BP456, Inc. Delaware C. Richard Dobson Builders, Inc. Virginia Dobson Builders Cane Island, LLC Delaware CH Funding, LLC Delaware CH Investments of Texas, Inc. Delaware CHM Partners, L.P. Texas CHTEX of Texas, Inc. Delaware America s Storage The Club at Cobblestone, LLC Delaware The Club at Hidden River, LLC Delaware Continental Homes, Inc. Delaware Astant Luxury Communities Astant Luxury Homes D.R. Horton - Astant Series D.R. Horton - Continental Series Traditions - D.R. Horton Continental Homes of Texas, L.P. Texas D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Freedom Homes Continental Residential, Inc. California D.R. Horton America s Builder Continental Traditions, LLC Arizona Crown Operating Company, Inc. Delaware CV Mountain View 25 Inv, LLC Delaware DBC54, LLC Delaware Desert Ridge Phase I Partners Arizona DHI Commercial, Inc. Delaware DHI Commercial II, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHI Commercial Acquisitions, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Highlands Reserve, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Lakeview, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Longbow, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Nona West, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Oakpoint, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Reunion Club, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Rockledge, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Signal Butte, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Tamarron, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Westridge, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial Construction, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial Construction of Arizona, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial Construction of Florida, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial Construction of Texas, LLC Delaware DHI Communities, Inc. Delaware DHI Communities DHI Communities II, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Arizona, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Colorado, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Delaware, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Florida, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Georgia, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Iowa, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Maryland, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Nevada, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of North Carolina, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of South Carolina, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Tennessee, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Texas, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Utah, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Virginia, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Washington, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHI Creekside Estates Utilities, LLC Maryland DHI Engineering, LLC Delaware DHI Insurance, Inc. Vermont DHI Mortgage Company Colorado CH Mortgage Company DHI Mortgage Company GP, Inc. Delaware DHI Mortgage Company LP, Inc. Delaware DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. Texas CH Mortgage Company I, Ltd. DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., Limited Partnership 
 DHI Pinegrove Utilities, LLC Maryland DHI Ranch, Ltd. Texas DHI Power, LLC Delaware DHI Realty of Alabama, LLC Delaware DHI Realty of Mississippi, LLC Delaware DHI Title GP, Inc. Texas DHI Title LP, Inc. Delaware DHI Title of Alabama, Inc. Alabama DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Arizona, Inc. Arizona DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Arkansas, Inc. Arkansas DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Florida, Inc. Florida DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Louisiana, Inc. Louisiana DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Minnesota, Inc. Delaware DHI Title of Nevada, Inc. Delaware DHI Title of Ohio, LLC Delaware DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Texas, Ltd. Texas DHI Title of Washington, Inc. Delaware DHI Verandah South Shores Communities, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton DHIC, LLC Delaware DHIC - Angeline, LLC Delaware DHIC - Arcadia, LLC Delaware DHIC - Ashby Village, LLC Delaware DHIC - Avalon, LLC Delaware DHIC - Black Canyon, LLC Delaware DHIC - Branan Field, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIC - Bridges, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Brightleaf, LLC Delaware DHIC - Brightleaf Casitas, LLC Delaware DHIC - Brittmore, LLC Delaware DHIC - Brunswick Forest, LLC Delaware DHIC - Cadence, LLC Delaware DHIC - Carlton, LLC Delaware DHIC - Carolina Forest, LLC Delaware DHIC - Celina Hills, LLC Delaware DHIC - Chandlers Grove, LLC Delaware DHIC - Chisholm Trail, LLC Delaware DHIC - Chisholm Trail II, LLC Delaware DHIC - Collins Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIC - Cross Roads, LLC Delaware DHIC - Desert Peak, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Desert Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIC - Dorchester, LLC Delaware DHIC - Durbin Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Durbin Park, LLC Delaware DHIC - East Hudson, LLC Delaware DHIC - Eastview Village, LLC Delaware DHIC - Enclave, LLC Delaware DHIC - Elevon, LLC Delaware DHIC - Elevon Casitas, LLC Delaware DHIC - Forum, LLC Delaware DHIC - Freestone, LLC Delaware Ascend at Rippon DHI Communities DHIC - Gateway, LLC Delaware Ascend at Pena Station DHIC - Glendale, LLC Delaware DHIC - Grove West, LLC Delaware DHIC - Hammock Landing, LLC Delaware DHIC - Harbour View, LLC Delaware DHIC - Harvey, LLC Delaware DHIC - Heritage, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIC - Heritage Green PH I, LLC Delaware DHIC - Highlands Reserve, LLC Delaware DHIC - Horizon Uptown, LLC Delaware DHIC - Jacobs Reserve, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - James Pitts, LLC Delaware DHIC - Jamestown, LLC Delaware DHIC - Juno Landing, LLC Delaware DHIC - Kelly Park, LLC Delaware DHIC - Kindred, LLC Delaware DHIC - Kindred II, LLC Delaware DHIC - Kindred III, LLC Delaware DHIC - Lakeview, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Lakeview II, LLC Delaware DHIC - Landings at Gateway, LLC Delaware DHIC - Lindsey Place, LLC Delaware DHIC - Lindsey Place II, LLC Delaware DHIC - Lipoma, LLC Delaware DHIC - Little Valley, LLC Delaware DHIC - Little Valley B2R, LLC Delaware DHIC - Longbow, LLC Delaware DHIC - Long Valley Trails, LLC Delaware DHIC - Mastermind, LLC Delaware DHIC - Meadowdale, LLC Delaware DHIC - Minton Cove, LLC Delaware DHIC - Mirada, LLC Delaware DHIC - Morganton Park North, LLC Delaware DHIC - Mountain Vista, LLC Delaware DHIC - Myrtle Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIC - Naco, LLC Delaware DHIC - Nona West, LLC Delaware DHIC - Northbrooke Commons, LLC Delaware DHIC - Northlake, LLC Delaware DHIC - Northshore, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIC - Oakpoint, LLC Delaware DHIC - Pioneer Hill, LLC Delaware DHIC - Pioneer Hill Casitas, LLC Delaware DHIC - Potranco, LLC Delaware DHIC - Prairie Village, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Reunion Club, LLC Delaware DHIC - Reynolds Farm, LLC Delaware DHIC - Ridgewood, LLC Delaware DHIC - Rockledge, LLC Delaware DHIC - Skyline Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIC - South Creek, LLC Delaware DHIC - South Mountain, LLC Delaware DHIC - South Park, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Spanish Fork, LLC Delaware DHIC - Stone Butte, LLC Delaware DHIC - Superstition Vista, LLC Delaware DHIC - Superstition Vista Casitas, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tamarron, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Tamarron II, LLC Delaware DHIC - Telluride, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tule 1.06, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tule 1.19.2, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tule 1.21, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tule 1.22, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tupelo Sands, LLC Delaware DHIC - Twisted Oaks, LLC Delaware DHIC - Valley Vista, LLC Delaware DHIC - Valverde, LLC Delaware DHIC - Varina Gateway, LLC Delaware DHIC - Ventana, LLC Delaware DHIC - Waterleigh, LLC Delaware DHIC - Waterleigh II, LLC Delaware DHIC - Waterleigh III, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIC - Westinghouse, LLC Delaware DHIC - Westridge, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Woodlands, LLC Delaware DHIC - 1385, LLC Delaware DHIR - Allmon Farms, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Amber Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Amore Village, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Arabella, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Asheville I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Ashford Townes, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Aspen Vista, LLC Delaware DHIR - Atlanta Central I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Atlanta East I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Atlanta West I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Austin I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Avery Park LLC Delaware DHIR - Avian Pointe, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Baldwin County I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Berkshire Village, LLC Delaware DHIR - Birmingham I, LLC Delaware DHIR - BLVD 120, LLC Delaware DHIR - Boulevard Towns, LLC Delaware DHIR - Bridge Harbor, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Camden Parc, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Canebrake Landings, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Capital I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Carolina Forest SF, LLC Delaware DHIR - Cedar Station, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Central Carolina I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Chapel Commons, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Charleston I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Charlotte North I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Chicago I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIR - Citadel at Colfax, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Colorado I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Fossil Creek Ranch, LLC DHIR - Columbus I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Corpus Christi I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Cottonwood Hallow, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Cypress Bay, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Delaware I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHI Residential - Delaware DHIR - Desert Willow at Hunning Ranch, LLC Delaware DHIR - Devco 72, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - DFW East I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - DFW West I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Dixon Preserve, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - East Florida I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Emerald Lakes, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Equinox 20, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Erikson Parks, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Estrella Vista, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Fairview Meadows, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Fort Wayne I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Fort Wayne DHIR - Fosters Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIR - Fountain Park, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Graystone Ridge, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Greenville I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Gulf Stream, LLC Delaware DHIR - Harrison Trace, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - The Heights, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Heritage Place, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Hidden Village, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Hilton Head-Savannah I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Houston North I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Houston South I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Huff Creek, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIR - Huntsville I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Indianapolis I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Indianapolis DHIR - Indigo, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Iowa I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Jackson Run South, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Jackson Run South DHIR - Jennings Place, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Kindred 2B, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Knoxville I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHI Residential - Knoxville DHIR - La Pradera, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Lakeshore Villages, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Lakeside Palms West, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Las Vegas I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Louisiana East I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Louisiana East DHIR - Louisiana West I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Lubbock I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Memphis I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Millbrook Park, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Minnesota I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Mobile-Mississippi I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Mustang Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Myrtle Beach I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Nashville I, LLC Delaware DHIR - New Jersey I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - North Central Texas I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - North Florida I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Northern Virginia I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Northwest Arkansas I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Oklahoma City I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Oklahoma City DHIR - Oregon I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Orlando East I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Orlando West I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Osprey Point Towns, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Panama City I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIR - Parkview at Lynn Haven, LLC Delaware DHIR - Pecan Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Pensacola I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Phoenix East I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Phoenix West I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Pikes Peak Heights, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Pinnacle at North Main, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Poplar Village, LLC Delaware DHIR - Properties I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Reno I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - The Residences at Butler Creek, LLC Delaware DHIR - Riverstone at Westpointe, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Roadrunner Estates, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Rock Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIR - Sacramento I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential Isles DHIR - Salt Lake City I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Salt Lake City DHIR - San Antonio I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Sandalwood, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - San Marcos I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Sara Park, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - SoCal North I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - SoCal South I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Soluna, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Southeast Florida I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Southern Virginia I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Southwest Florida I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Starling Pointe, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Sunset Village, LLC Delaware DHIR - Tallahassee I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Tamarron, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Tampa North I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Tampa South I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Tara St. Augustine, LLC Delaware DHI Residential 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIR - Taylor Farms, LLC Delaware DHIR - Tempo at Decatur, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Tucson I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Valley View, LLC Delaware DHIR - Village at Hickory Street, LLC Delaware DHIR - West Central Florida I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Westpoint, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Wilmington I, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Wolf North, LLC Delaware DHI Residential D.R. Horton - CHAustin, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Colorado, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Corpus Christi, LLC Delaware Braselton Homes D.R. Horton - Crown, LLC Delaware Crown Communities D.R. Horton - Emerald, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton - Georgia, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Highland, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Houston, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Indiana, LLC Delaware Westport Homes D.R. Horton - Iowa, LLC Delaware Classic Builders D.R. Horton - MV, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Nebraska, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - NW Arkansas, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Pensacola, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Permian, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Regent, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Springfield, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Terramor, LLC Delaware Terramor Homes D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd. LP Emerald Homes D.R. Horton - Tulsa, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - WPA, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - WPH, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Wyoming, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Birmingham Alabama 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 D.R. Horton, Inc. -Chicago Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Denver Delaware D.R. Horton - Trimark Series Trimark Communities D.R. Horton, Inc. - Dietz-Crane Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Greensboro Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Gulf Coast Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Huntsville Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Jacksonville Delaware Emerald Homes D.R. Horton, Inc. - Louisville Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Midwest California Cambridge Homes Emerald Homes Express Homes Express Homes of Illinois Freedom Homes Freedom Homes of Illinois D.R. Horton, Inc. - Minnesota Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - New Jersey Delaware D.R. Horton D.R. Horton, Northeast Division Emerald Homes Emerald Homes of Pennsylvania Express Homes Express Homes of Pennsylvania Freedom Homes Freedom Homes of Pennsylvania D.R. Horton, Inc. - NNV Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Portland Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes D.R. Horton, Inc. - Torrey Delaware Torrey Homes D.R. Horton, Inc. Foundation Texas D.R. Horton BAY, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton CA2, Inc. California Express Homes D.R. Horton CA3, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Express Homes D.R. Horton CA4, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton CA5, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Commercial, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Cruces Construction, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Hawaii LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Hawaii Power LLC Hawaii D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc. Texas D.R. Horton LA North, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Life Insurance Agency, Inc. Texas D.R. Horton Los Angeles Holding Company, Inc. California D.R. Horton America s Builder 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 D.R. Horton Management Company, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton Materials, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Realty, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Arkansas, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Atlantic County, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Central Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Delaware, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Emerald Coast, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Georgia, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Louisiana, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Melbourne, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Northwest Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Ohio, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Sarasota, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Southeast Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Southwest Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Tampa, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Texas, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Oklahoma D.R. Horton Realty of Virginia, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Maryland D.R. Horton Realty of West Virginia D.R. Horton Realty of West Central Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Seabridge Marina, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Serenity Construction, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Urban Renewal, LLC New Jersey D.R. Horton VEN, Inc. California D.R. Horton America s Builder DRH - ARK, LLC Delaware DRH - ASG, LLC Delaware DRH - Doss Ferry, LLC Delaware DRH - HWY 114, LLC Delaware Express Homes DRH Cambridge Homes, LLC Delaware DRH Capital Trust I Delaware DRH Capital Trust II Delaware DRH Capital Trust III Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DRH Colorado Realty, Inc. Delaware DRH Construction, Inc. Delaware DRH Energy, Inc. Colorado DRH FS Mortgage Reinsurance, Ltd. Turks & Caicos DRH Land Opportunities I, Inc. Delaware DRH Land Opportunities II, Inc. Delaware DRH Mountain View, LLC Delaware DRH Multi-Family Rental, LLC Delaware DRH Oil & Gas, Inc. Delaware DRH Opportunities I, Inc. Delaware DRH Phoenix East Construction, Inc. Arizona DRH Properties, Inc. Arizona DRH Realty Company, Inc. California CH Realty DRH Realty of Indiana, LLC Delaware DRH Realty of Iowa, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton D.R. Horton Homes DRH Realty of Nebraska, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem VII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XIX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem LII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LV, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DRH Regrem LVI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXV, LLC Delaware DRH Rental, Inc. Delaware DRH Rental Holdco, Inc. Delaware DRH Single-Family Rental, LLC Delaware DRH Southwest Construction, Inc. California DRH Tucson Construction, Inc. Delaware DRHI, Inc. Delaware DRHR - Property Management, Inc. Delaware Emerald Creek No. 4, L.P. Texas Emerald Realty of Alabama, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Central Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of North Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Northwest Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Southeast Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Southwest Florida, LLC Delaware Encore II, Inc. Arizona Encore Venture Partners, L.P. Delaware Encore Venture Partners II (California), L.P. Delaware Encore Venture Partners II (Texas), L.P. Delaware Express Realty of Central Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of North Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of Northwest Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of Southwest Florida, LLC Delaware Fish Springs Ranch LLC Nevada 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 FOG NonOp, LLC Delaware Forestar Group Inc. Delaware Founders Oil & Gas, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas II, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas III, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas IV, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas Operating, LLC Delaware Georgetown Data, Inc. Texas Germann & McQueen, L.L.C. Arizona GP-Encore, Inc. Arizona Grande Realty Incorporated New Jersey Grande Realty of Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Pennsylvania Grande Title Agency, LLC New Jersey Greywes, LLC California Hadian, LLC Delaware HPH Homebuilders 2000 L.P. California Kaomalo LLC Hawaii KDB Homes, Inc. Delaware Continental Homes Continental Welcome Home D.R. Horton America s Builder D.R. Horton - Continental Series Lexington Homes - DRH, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Lexington Homes Martin Road Lake Forest, LLC Colorado McQueen & Willis, LLC Arizona Meadows I, Ltd. Delaware Meadows II, Ltd. Delaware Meadows VIII, Ltd. Delaware Meadows IX, Inc. New Jersey Meadows X, Inc. New Jersey Melody Homes, Inc. Delaware D. Jensen Homes, Inc. D.R. Horton America s Builder D.R. Horton - Melody Series Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes Metro Title, LLC Virginia MRLF, LLC Colorado Nevada Land and Resource Holdings, Inc. Nevada 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 Pacific Ridge - DRH, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Pacific Ridge Pacific Ridge - DRH Pensacola Land Company, LLC Delaware Resource Development and Infrastructure, LLC Nevada Rielly Carlsbad LLC Delaware Rielly Homes Madison, LLC Delaware Schuler Homes of Arizona LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Continental Series D.R. Horton - Schuler Series Schuler Homes of California, Inc. California Schuler Homes of Oregon, Inc. Oregon Schuler Homes of Washington, Inc. Washington SFTEN, LLC Delaware SGS Communities at Grande Quay L.L.C. New Jersey SHA Construction LLC Delaware SHLR of California, Inc. California SHLR of Nevada, Inc. Nevada SHLR of Washington, Inc. Washington SRHI LLC Delaware SSHI LLC Delaware D.R. Horton D.R. Horton Custom Homes DR Horton DR Horton Custom Homes Emerald Homes Express Homes Stafford Custom Homes Stafford Homes Surprise Village North, LLC Arizona Tierra Financial Advisors, LLC Delaware Travis County Title Company Texas DHI Title Agency DHI Title of North Carolina Treasure Assets, LLC Delaware Venture Management of South Carolina, LLC South Carolina Vertical Construction Corporation Delaware Vidler New Mexico LLC Nevada Vidler Water Company Inc. Nevada Vidler Water Resources, Inc. Delaware Walker Drive, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Brea Development, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Antigua, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Broadway, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Canyon Park, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 Western Pacific Housing-Carrillo, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Communications Hill, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Copper Canyon, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Creekside, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Lomas Verdes, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Lyons Canyon Partners, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-McGonigle Canyon, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing - Mountaingate, L.P. California Western Pacific Housing-Norco Estates, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Pacific Park II, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue East, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue West, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Playa Vista, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-River Ridge, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing - SDG, LLC California Western Pacific Housing-Terra Bay Duets, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Meadows, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Village Center, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing - Westlake II, L.P. California Western Pacific Housing-Windemere, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Western Pacific Housing Management, Inc. California WPH-Camino Ruiz, LLC Delaware WPH-Copper Canyon, LLC Delaware WPH-Copper Canyon II, LLC Delaware 91 st Avenue & Happy Valley, L.L.C. 
 Arizona 2 C Development Company LLC California 7689 East Pinnacle Peak Road, LLC Delaware 415-H Church Street, LLC Delaware 137 Mitchells Chance, LLC Delaware 1050 North Argonne Road, LLC Delaware 5901 North Honore Avenue, LLC Delaware 6875 North Oracle Road, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 10700 Pecan Park Austin, Inc. Delaware 3665-3685 Priority Way South Drive, LLC Delaware 8800 Roswell Road Bldg. B, LLC Delaware 11241 Slater Avenue NE, LLC Delaware 1900 South Price Road, LLC Delaware 5502 West Walsh Lane, LLC Delaware DRH - 5502 W. Walsh Lane, LLC 8440 Wyoming Blvd NE, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 7
 a9302024ex221guarantors.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 The following subsidiaries of D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company were, as of September 30, 2024, guarantors of the Company s 2.5 senior notes due 2024, 2.6 senior notes due 2025, 1.3 senior notes due 2026, 1.4 senior notes due 2027 and 5.0 senior notes due 2034. 
 
 Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 
 C. Richard Dobson Builders, Inc. Virginia CH Investments of Texas, Inc. (f k a CH Investments of Texas II, Inc.) 
 Delaware CHTEX of Texas, Inc. Delaware Continental Homes, Inc. Delaware Continental Homes of Texas, L.P. Texas Continental Residential, Inc. (f k a L&W Investments, Inc.) 
 California D.R. Horton - CHAustin, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Colorado, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXV, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Corpus Christi, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Crown, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXVII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Emerald, Ltd. (f k a DRH Regrem VI, LP) 
 Texas D.R. Horton - Georgia, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Highland, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXIX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Houston, LLC (f k a Regrem XLIX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Indiana, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXVI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Iowa, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXVIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Nebraska, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLIV, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - NW Arkansas, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLV, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Pensacola, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLVI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Permian, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Regent, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXVI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Springfield, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLVIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Terramor, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XL, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton - Tulsa, LLC (f k a Regrem LI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - WPA, LLC (f k a Regrem L, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - WPH, LLC (f k a (i) D.R. Horton - Atlanta, LLC and (ii) DRH Regrem XXIX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Wyoming, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLIII, LLC) 
 Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 D.R. Horton, Inc. - Birmingham Alabama D.R. Horton, Inc. -Chicago Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Dietz-Crane (f k a DRH Regrem I, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Greensboro Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Gulf Coast (f k a DRH Regrem V, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Huntsville (f k a DRH Regrem XIII, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Jacksonville (f k a D.R. Horton, Inc. - San Diego) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Louisville (f k a D.R. Horton, Inc. - Albuquerque) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Midwest (f k a (i) DRH Cambridge Homes, Inc. and (ii) D.R. Horton Sacramento Management Company, Inc.) 
 California D.R. Horton, Inc. - Minnesota Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - New Jersey Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Portland Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Torrey Delaware D.R. Horton BAY, Inc. (f k a (i) D.R. Horton OCI, Inc., (ii) D.R. Horton Orange County, Inc. and (iii) DRH Regrem IX, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton CA2, Inc. (f k a D.R. Horton, Inc. - Sacramento) 
 California D.R. Horton CA3, Inc. (f k a (i) DRH Regrem IV, Inc. and (ii) D.R. Horton, Inc. - Fresno) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton CA4, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton CA5, Inc. (f k a DRH Regrem XIV, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Cruces Construction, Inc. (f k a DRH Regrem XI, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Hawaii LLC (f k a D.R. Horton - Schuler Homes, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton LA North, Inc. (f k a DRH Regrem X, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Los Angeles Holding Company, Inc. California D.R. Horton Management Company, Ltd. (f k a Meadows Management Company, Ltd.) 
 Texas D.R. Horton Materials, Inc. (f k a DRH Regrem III, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Serenity Construction, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem VIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton VEN, Inc. (f k a (i) D.R. Horton LAV, Inc. and (ii) D.R. Horton San Diego Holding Company, Inc.) 
 California DRH - HWY 114, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLI, LLC) 
 Delaware DRH Cambridge Homes, LLC Delaware DRH Construction, Inc. Delaware DRH Phoenix East Construction, Inc. (f k a CHI Construction Company) 
 Arizona DRH Regrem VII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XV, Inc. Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 DRH Regrem XVI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XIX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXV, Inc. (f k a (i) D.R. Horton VEN, Inc., (ii) D.R. Horton, Inc. - Los Angeles and (iii) D.R. Horton, Inc. - Chicago) 
 Delaware DRH Regrem LII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXV, LLC Delaware DRH Southwest Construction, Inc. (f k a DRH Land Company, Inc.) 
 California DRH Tucson Construction, Inc. (f k a DRH - California, Inc.) 
 Delaware HPH Homebuilders 2000 L.P. California KDB Homes, Inc. Delaware Lexington Homes - DRH, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXIV, LLC) 
 Delaware Meadows I, Ltd. Delaware Meadows II, Ltd. Delaware Meadows VIII, Ltd. Delaware Meadows IX, Inc. New Jersey 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 Meadows X, Inc. New Jersey Melody Homes, Inc. Delaware Pacific Ridge - DRH, LLC (f k a (i) D.R. Horton - Seattle North, LLC and (ii) DRH Regrem XXVIII, LLC) 
 Delaware Pensacola Land Company, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLVII, LLC) 
 Delaware Schuler Homes of Arizona LLC Delaware Schuler Homes of California, Inc. California Schuler Homes of Oregon, Inc. Oregon Schuler Homes of Washington, Inc. Washington SGS Communities at Grande Quay L.L.C. New Jersey SHA Construction LLC Delaware SHLR of California, Inc. California SHLR of Nevada, Inc. Nevada SHLR of Washington, Inc. Washington SRHI LLC Delaware SSHI LLC Delaware Vertical Construction Corporation (f k a Lokelani Construction Corporation) 
 Delaware Walker Drive, LLC f k a DRH Regrem XXXVII, LLC 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Antigua, LLC (f k a Western Pacific Housing - Eastlake, LLC) 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Broadway, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Canyon Park, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Carrillo, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Communications Hill, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Copper Canyon, LLC (f k a Agoura II, LLC) 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Creekside, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Lomas Verdes, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-McGonigle Canyon, LLC (f k a Western Pacific Housing-Carlsbad II, LLC) 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing - Mountaingate, L.P. California Western Pacific Housing-Norco Estates, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Pacific Park II, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue East, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue West, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Playa Vista, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-River Ridge, LLC Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 Western Pacific Housing-Terra Bay Duets, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Meadows, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Village Center, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Windemere, LLC (f k a Western Pacific Housing-Glacier, LLC) 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing, Inc. (f k a Schuler Homes Holdco, Inc.) 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing Management, Inc. (f k a Western Pacific Housing, Inc. (CA)) 
 California WPH-Camino Ruiz, LLC Delaware 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 a9302024exhibit231eyconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-280982) of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-72423) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-90988) pertaining to the D.R. Horton Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-133948) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-208116) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended & Restated, and 2024 Stock Incentive Plan and 
 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-276695) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 of our reports dated November 19, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of D.R. Horton, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of D.R. Horton, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of D.R. Horton, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 

Fort Worth, Texas 
 November 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a9302024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Paul J. Romanowski, certify that 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 
 
 s P AUL J. R OMANOWSKI 
 By Paul J. Romanowski President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a9302024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bill W. Wheat, certify that 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 
 
 s B ILL W. W HEAT 
 By Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 a9302024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul J. Romanowski, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 s P AUL J. R OMANOWSKI 
 By Paul J. Romanowski President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 a9302024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bill W. Wheat, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 s B ILL W. W HEAT 
 By Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 dhi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 dhi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 dhi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 dhi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 dhi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

