<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-K_edgar_data_859737_0000859737-24-000024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18311639</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>535512</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2747291</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7545557</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3690150</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3345735</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000859737-24-000024.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127072417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000859737-24-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOLOGIC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000859737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	X-RAY APPARATUS & TUBES & RELATED IRRADIATION APPARATUS [3844]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				042902449
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0928

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36214
		FILM NUMBER:		241506342

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 CAMPUS DRIVE
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5082632900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 CAMPUS DRIVE
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000859737-24-000024.txt : 20241127

10-K
 1
 holx-20240928.htm
 10-K

holx-20240928 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended: , 2024 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one). 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 30, 2024 was based on the price of the last reported sale on NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date. 
 As of November 21, 2024, shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.01 par value, were outstanding. 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 HOLOGIC, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended September 28, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 31 
 Item 2. Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 34 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 57 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 58 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 59 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 65 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements contained in this report and documents incorporated by reference herein are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
 
 the development of new or improved competitive technologies and products; 
 the anticipated development of markets we sell our products into and the success of our products in these markets; 
 our ability to predict accurately the demand for our products, and products under development and to develop strategies to address markets successfully; 
 the anticipated performance and benefits of our products; 
 business strategies; 
 the effect of consolidation in the healthcare industry; 
 the ability to execute acquisitions and the impact and anticipated benefits of completed acquisitions and acquisitions we may complete in the future; 
 the coverage and reimbursement decisions of third-party payors; 
 the uncertainty of the impact of cost containment efforts and federal healthcare reform legislation on our business and results of operations; 
 the guidelines, recommendations, and studies published by various organizations relating to the use of our products; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and clearances for our products, including the implementation of the European Union Medical Device and In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation requirements, and maintain compliance with complex and evolving regulations and quality standards, as well as the uncertainty of costs required to obtain and maintain compliance with such regulatory and quality matters; 
 the possibility that products may contain undetected errors or defects or otherwise not perform as anticipated; 
 the impact and costs and expenses of investigative and legal proceedings and compliance risks we may be subject to now or in the future; 
 potential negative impacts resulting from climate change or other environmental, social, and governance and sustainability related matters; 
 the impact of future tax legislation; 
 the ongoing and possible future effects of global challenges, including macroeconomic uncertainties, such as inflation, bank failures, rising interest rates and availability of capital markets, wars, conflicts, other economic disruptions and U.S. and global recession concerns, on our customers and suppliers and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and our ability to draw down our revolver; 
 the effect of the worldwide political and social uncertainty and divisions, including the impact on trade regulations and tariffs, that may adversely impact the cost and sale of our products in certain countries, or increase the costs we may incur to purchase materials, parts and equipment from our suppliers; 
 conducting business internationally; 
 potential cybersecurity threats and targeted computer crime; 
 the ongoing and possible future effects of supply chain constraints, including the availability of critical raw materials and components, as well as cost inflation in materials, packaging and transportation; 
 the possibility of interruptions or delays at our manufacturing facilities, or the failure to secure alternative suppliers if any of our sole source third-party manufacturers fail to supply us; 
 the ability to consolidate certain of our manufacturing and other operations on a timely basis and within budget, without disrupting our business and to achieve anticipated cost synergies related to such actions; 
 our ability to meet production and delivery schedules for our products; 
 the effect of any future public health pandemic or other crises, including the timing, scope and effect of U.S. and international governmental, regulatory, fiscal, monetary and public health responses to such crises; 
 the ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational and strategic changes, including our ability to attract, motivate and retain key employees and maintain engagement and efficiency in remote work environments; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 anticipated trends relating to our financial condition or results of operations, including the impact of interest rate and foreign currency exchange fluctuations; 
 estimated asset and liability values; 
 our compliance with covenants contained in our debt agreements; and 
 our liquidity, capital resources and the adequacy thereof. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, projects, predicts, likely, future, strategy, potential, seeks, goal and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future financial results include the cautionary statements set forth herein and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth under Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ). We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 TRADEMARK NOTICE 
 Hologic is a trademark of Hologic, Inc. Other trademarks, logos, and slogans registered or used by Hologic and its divisions and subsidiaries in the United States and other countries include, but are not limited to, the following: 3Dimensions, 3D Mammography, 3D, 3DQuorum, Acessa, Acessa ProVu, Affirm, Aptima, Aptima Combo 2, ATEC, BCI, BioZorb, Breast Cancer Index, Brevera, CancerTYPE ID, Celero, Hologic Clarity HD, CoolSeal, C-View, DirectRay, Dimensions, Endomag, Eviva, Faxitron, Fluent, Fluoroscan, Focal Therapeutics, Genius 3D, Genius, Genius AI, Hologic, Horizon, InSight, Intelligent 2D, ImageChecker, JustRight, LOCalizer, Magtrace, Magseed, MyoSure, NovaSure, Omni, Panther, Panther Fusion, PreservCyt, Progensa, Quantra, Rapid Ffn, SecurView, Selenia, Sentimag, Sertera, SmartCurve, Smart-Depth, ThinPrep, and Tomcat. 
 All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. Hologic s use or display of other parties trademarks, trade dress or products in this Annual Report does not imply that Hologic has a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of, the trademark or trade dress owners. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a developer, manufacturer and supplier of premium diagnostics products, medical imaging systems, and surgical products focused on women's health and well-being through early detection and treatment. We sell and service our products through a combination of direct sales and service personnel and a network of independent distributors and sales representatives. We operate in four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. 
 Through our Diagnostics segment, we offer a wide range of diagnostic products, which are used primarily to aid in the screening and diagnosis of human diseases. Our primary Diagnostics products include our molecular diagnostic assays, which run on our advanced instrumentation systems (Panther and Panther Fusion), our ThinPrep cytology system, including our Genius Digital Diagnostics System, and the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test. Our Aptima family of molecular diagnostic assays is used to detect, among other things, the infectious microorganisms that cause common sexually transmitted diseases, or STDs, such as chlamydia and gonorrhea, or CT/NG; certain high-risk strains of human papillomavirus, or HPV; Trichomonas vaginalis , the parasite that causes trichomoniasis; Mycoplasma genitalium; and Herpes Simplex viruses 1 and 2. We also offer viral load tests for the quantitation of Hepatitis B virus, Hepatitis C virus, human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV-1, and human cytomegalo virus, or CMV, for use on our Panther instrument system. In addition, we offer bacterial vaginosis and candida vaginitis assays for the diagnosis of vaginitis, a common and complex ailment affecting millions of women a year. Our assay portfolio also includes diagnostic tests for a range of acute respiratory infections, including SARS-CoV-2, various strains of influenza and parainfluenza, and respiratory syncytial virus, as well as a test for the detection of Group B Streptococcus, or GBS, that are run on the Panther Fusion system, a field upgradeable instrument addition to the base Panther system. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we developed and launched the Aptima SARS-CoV-2 assay and the Aptima SARS-CoV-2/Flu assay (each of which runs on our standard Panther system) and the Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2 assay and the Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV assay (which run on our Panther Fusion system). In May 2022, we obtained CE-marking for two new molecular assays, Panther Fusion EBV Quant assay for quantitation of Epstein-Barr virus, and the Panther Fusion BKV Quant assay for quantitation of the BK virus. These two assays are the first quantitative real-time PCR assays on the Panther Fusion system, and, together with the Aptima CMV Quant assay, expand our menu of transplant monitoring assays. The ThinPrep System is primarily used in cytology applications, such as cervical cancer screening, and the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test assists physicians in assessing the risk of pre-term birth. We also generate service revenues from our CLIA-certified laboratory for testing related to breast cancer and all metastatic cancers. 
 Our Breast Health segment offers a broad portfolio of solutions for breast imaging, biopsy, breast surgery and pathology. These solutions include 3D digital mammography systems, image analysis software utilizing artificial intelligence, reading workstations, minimally invasive breast biopsy guidance systems, breast biopsy site markers, localization, and specimen radiology systems. Our most advanced breast imaging platforms, Selenia 3D Dimensions and 3Dimensions systems, utilize tomosynthesis to produce 3D images that show multiple contiguous slice images of the breast. 
 Our GYN Surgical products include our MyoSure hysteroscopic tissue removal system, our NovaSure endometrial ablation system, our Fluent fluid management system, our Acessa ProVu laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation system, as well as our CoolSeal vessel sealing portfolio and our JustRight surgical stapler. The MyoSure suite of devices offers four options to provide incision-less removal of fibroids, polyps, and other pathology within the uterus. The NovaSure portfolio is comprised of the NovaSure ADVANCED device and the NovaSure V5 device for the treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding. The Fluent and Fluent Pro fluid management system provides liquid distention during diagnostic and operative hysteroscopic procedures. The Acessa ProVu system is a fully integrated system that uses laparoscopic ultrasound, guidance mapping and radiofrequency ablation to treat nearly all types of fibroids. The CoolSeal portfolio includes the CoolSeal Trinity, CoolSeal Reveal, and CoolSeal Mini advanced bipolar vessel sealing devices. The JustRight 5 mm stapler features a smaller instrument profile and is used for laparoscopic general and pediatric surgery. 
 Our Skeletal Health segment's products include the Horizon DXA, a dual energy x-ray system, which evaluates bone density and performs body composition assessments, and the Fluoroscan Insight FD mini C-arm, which assists in performing minimally invasive orthopedic surgical procedures on a patient's extremities, such as the hand, wrist, knee, foot, and ankle. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us , Hologic or the Company refer to Hologic, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 Our internet website address is www.hologic.com . Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements, and, from time to time, other documents as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website investors.hologic.com ), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media to communicate with the public about our Company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our Company to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our investor relations website. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website, as well as our X (formerly Twitter) account (@Hologic), as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Additional corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of business conduct and ethics, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance. The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Although we reference the availability of our U.S. Federal Employment Information Report (EEO-1) on our website, our EEO-1 and any other materials on our website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. While matters discussed in such EEO-1, other website materials and our X and other social media accounts may be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes of our compliance with the U.S. federal securities law, even if we use the word material or materiality in such materials. 
 The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding Hologic and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s internet website address is www.sec.gov . 
 Products 
 We view our operations and manage our current business in four principal reporting segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. Financial information concerning these segments is provided in Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements contained in Item 15 of this Annual Report. The following describes our principal products in each of our segments. 
 Diagnostics Product Offerings 
 Molecular Diagnostic Instrumentation 
 We have developed and continue to develop instrumentation and software designed specifically for use with certain of our molecular diagnostic assays. We also provide technical support and service to maintain these instrument systems in the field. By placing our proprietary instrumentation in laboratories and hospitals, we can establish a platform for future sales of our assays. 
 Our instrumentation includes the Panther instrument system, an integrated, fully automated testing instrument capable of serving high-, medium- and low-volume laboratories. Our Panther Fusion system, including the related Fusion assays for flu, respiratory, Group B Strep (GBS), and transplant testing, extends the capabilities of our Panther system by adding the flexibility of polymerase chain reaction, or PCR, functionality to our existing Transcription Mediated Amplification, or TMA, based technology. The Panther Fusion system is available as a modular in-lab upgrade to our base Panther system. In addition, our instrumentation also includes the Tomcat instrument, a fully automated general-purpose instrument designed to improve pre-analytical sample processing by eliminating the inefficient and error-prone activities associated with manually transferring samples from one tube to another. 
 Molecular Diagnostic Assay Portfolio 
 We have a broad menu of assays available for sale in our primary markets that can be performed on the base Panther System or on the combined Panther Fusion System as indicated in the table below. Our Aptima family of molecular diagnostic assays integrates a number of proprietary core technologies, including our target capture technology, our TMA technology, and our hybridization protection assay, or HPA, and dual kinetic assay, or DKA, technologies, to produce highly sensitive amplification assays. Each of these technologies is described in greater detail below under the heading Proprietary Core 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Technologies . Our Panther Fusion family of molecular diagnostic assays are performed on the Panther Fusion System and utilize PCR technology to amplify target nucleic acid sequences for easier detection. 
 Unless otherwise noted, the assays shown in the table below have been approved or cleared for sale in the U.S. and are available for sale in countries recognizing the CE-mark. Certain of the assays shown below are also available in certain other markets such as Australia, Canada, China, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea and the United Kingdom. 
 Aptima-branded assays that are performed on the base Panther System Panther Fusion-branded assays that are performed on the Panther Fusion System Aptima HPV assay Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay Aptima HPV 16 18/45 Genotype assay Panther Fusion Paraflu assay Aptima HBV Quant assay Panther Fusion AdV/hMPV/RV assay Aptima CMV Quant assay Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV assay Aptima HIV-1 Quant Dx assay Panther Fusion GBS assay Aptima HCV Quant Dx assay Panther Fusion MRSA assay 2 
 Aptima Mycoplasma genitalium assay Panther Fusion Bordetella assay 2 
 Aptima Combo 2 assay (CT/NG) Panther Fusion EBV Quant assay 2 
 Aptima Chlamydia trachomatis assay (CT) Panther Fusion BKV Quant assay 2 
 Aptima Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2 assay 1,3 
 Aptima Trichomonas vaginalis assay Aptima HSV 1 and 2 assay Aptima CV/TV assay Aptima BV assay Aptima Zika assay 1 
 Aptima SARS-CoV-2 assay 1 
 Aptima SARS-CoV-2/Flu assay 1 

1 This assay is subject to an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) in the U.S. that may be revoked upon notice by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). 
 2 This assay is available for sale in countries recognizing the CE-mark, and is not currently available for sale in the U.S. 
 3 This assay is not currently available for sale in countries recognizing the CE-mark. 
 Proprietary Core Technologies 
 Target Capture/Nucleic Acid Extraction Technology . The detection of target organisms that are present in small numbers in a large-volume clinical sample requires that target organisms be concentrated to a detectable level. One way to accomplish this is to isolate the particular nucleic acid of interest by binding it to a solid support. This support, with the target bound to it, can then be separated from the original sample. We refer to such techniques as target capture. We have developed target capture techniques to immobilize nucleic acids on magnetic beads by using a capture probe that binds to the bead and to the target nucleic acid. We use magnetic separation to concentrate the target by drawing the magnetic beads to the sides of a sample tube, while the remainder of the sample is removed from the tube. When used in conjunction with our amplification procedures, target capture techniques concentrate the nucleic acid target(s) and also remove materials in the sample that might otherwise interfere with amplification. 
 Transcription-Mediated Amplification (TMA) Technology . The goal of amplification technologies is to increase the copy number of a target nucleic acid sequences that may be present in samples in small numbers. These copies can then be detected using nucleic acid probes. Amplification technologies can yield results in only a few hours versus the several days or weeks required for traditional culture methods. TMA is a transcription-based amplification system that uses two different enzymes to drive the process. The first enzyme is a reverse transcriptase that creates a double-stranded DNA copy from an RNA or DNA template. The second enzyme, an RNA polymerase, makes thousands of copies of the complementary RNA sequence, known as the RNA amplicon, from the double-stranded DNA template. Each RNA amplicon serves as a new target for the reverse transcriptase and the process repeats automatically, resulting in an exponential amplification of the original target that can produce over a billion copies of the RNA amplicon in less than thirty minutes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Hybridization Protection Assay (HPA) and Dual Kinetic Assay (DKA) Technologies. With our HPA technology, we have simplified testing, further increased test sensitivity and specificity, and increased convenience. In the HPA process, the acridinium ester, or AE, molecule is protected within the double-stranded helix that is formed when the probe binds to its specific target. Prior to activating the AE molecule, known as lighting off, a chemical is added that destroys the AE molecule on any unhybridized probes, leaving the label on the hybridized probes largely unaffected. When the lighting off or detection reagent is added to the specimen, only the label attached to the hybridized probe is left to produce a signal indicating that the target organism s DNA or RNA is present. All of these steps occur in a single tube and without any wash steps, which were required as part of conventional probe tests. Our DKA technology uses two types of AE molecules that can be differentiated from each other one that flashes and another one that glows. By using DKA technology, we have created nucleic acid test, or NAT, assays that can detect two separate targets simultaneously. 
 ThinPrep System 
 The ThinPrep System is the most widely used method for cervical cancer screening in the U.S. The ThinPrep System has multiple configurations, including one or more of the following: the ThinPrep 2000 Processor, ThinPrep 5000 Processor, ThinPrep 5000 Processor with Autoloader, ThinPrep Genesis Processor, ThinPrep Imaging System, ThinPrep Integrated Imager, and related reagents, filters and other supplies, such as the ThinPrep Pap Test and our ThinPrep PreservCyt Solution. 
 The ThinPrep Process. The ThinPrep process begins with the patient s cervical sample being obtained by the physician using a cervical sampling device that, rather than being smeared on a microscope slide as in a conventional Pap smear, is inserted into a vial filled with our proprietary ThinPrep PreservCyt Solution. This enables most of the patient s cell samples to be preserved before the cells can be damaged by air drying. The ThinPrep specimen vial is then labeled and sent to a laboratory equipped with a ThinPrep Processor for slide preparation. At the laboratory, the ThinPrep specimen vial is inserted into a ThinPrep Processor, a proprietary sample preparation device, which automates the process of preparing cervical slides for staining and microscopic examination. Additionally, an aliquot used for subsequent molecular testing can be produced using the ThinPrep Genesis Processor. 
 In the case of manual screening, the cytotechnologist screens each Pap test slide with a microscope to first determine the adequacy of the slide and then to examine the entire slide to differentiate diseased or abnormal cells from normal cells. With the ThinPrep Imaging Systems, the screening process has been automated to combine the power of computer imaging technology with human interpretive skills. Prior to human review, the ThinPrep Imaging Systems rapidly scan, locate and highlight areas of interest for review. By directing the cytotechnologist to areas of interest on a slide, these systems may increase a cytology laboratory s screening productivity and diagnostic accuracy. 
 Additional Applications. In addition to serving as a replacement for the conventional Pap smear, the ThinPrep System can also be used for non-gynecological cytology screening applications including fine-needle aspiration specimens (e.g., breast, thyroid, lung or liver), body fluids (e.g., urine, pleural fluid, ascitic fluid or pericardial fluid), respiratory specimens (e.g., sputum or brushing of respiratory tracts) and ancillary testing (e.g., cell blocks, immunocytochemistry or special stains). 
 Genius Digital Diagnostics System 
 The Genius Digital Diagnostics System with the Genius Cervical AI Algorithm is the first CE-marked and FDA-cleared digital cytology platform to combine a new artificial intelligence, or AI, algorithm with advanced volumetric imaging technology to help cytotechnologists and pathologists identify pre-cancerous lesions and cervical cancer cells in women. The Genius Digital Diagnostics System consists of an advanced digital imager featuring volumetric imaging technology, a secure image management server to store images, a deep learning-based AI algorithm that is designed to assist healthcare providers in detecting pre-cancerous lesions and cervical cancer cells, and a high-resolution review station for local or remote case review. The Genius Digital Diagnostics System can rapidly analyze all cells on a ThinPrep Pap test digital image, narrowing tens of thousands of cells down to an AI-generated gallery of images that have been selected as the most diagnostically relevant images, which gives healthcare providers additional critical information to help guide earlier detection and make better treatment decisions for patients. The Genius Digital Diagnostics System was CE-marked for diagnostic use in the EU in November 2020 and received marketing clearance from the FDA for diagnostic use in the U.S. in January 2024. 
 Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test 
 The Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test is a single-use disposable test used to determine a woman s risk of pre-term birth by detecting the presence of a specific protein, fetal fibronectin, in vaginal secretions during pregnancy. The test utilizes a single-use, disposable cassette and is analyzed on our instrument, the TLi IQ System. 
 Oncology Product Offerings 
 Our Biotheranostics business offers two proprietary laboratory developed tests, or LDTs, that support physicians in the treatment of cancer: the Breast Cancer Index test and the CancerTYPE ID test. The Breast Cancer Index, or BCI, test is a PCR- 
 8 

Table of Contents 

based gene expression test used for determining which patients with early-stage, hormone-receptor positive, or HR+, breast cancer are likely to benefit from extended endocrine therapy. In January 2021, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network revised its clinical practice guidelines to include BCI as the only gene expression assay to predict benefit from extended endocrine therapy for patients with early-stage HR+ breast cancer. In addition, in April 2022 the American Society of Clinical Oncology updated its clinical practice guidelines, which now include BCI as the only genomic test to help guide extended endocrine therapy decisions in early-stage, HR+ breast cancer patients. The CancerTYPE ID test is a PCR-based gene expression test that is designed to identify the source of metastatic cancer in order to improve diagnostic accuracy and inform treatment decisions. Both of these LDTs are offered as a service solely out of Biotheranostics' licensed, CLIA-certified, CAP-accredited laboratory in San Diego, California. 
 Breast Health Products 
 Mammography Solutions 
 Our Dimensions platform includes the Selenia Dimensions and 3Dimensions systems capable of performing full field digital mammography (2D) and digital breast tomosynthesis (3D) exams. When performing a 3D exam, each system acquires a series of low dose x-ray images taken in a scanning motion at various angles. The images are mathematically reconstructed into a series of small contiguous slices, allowing for visualization of the breast tissue through multiple layers. Our clinical results for FDA approval demonstrated that full field digital mammography (2D) with the addition of our 3D Mammography is superior to 2D digital mammography alone for both screening and diagnostics. Hologic Clarity HD technology provides our highest resolution imaging at 70 micron pixel size compared to the standard resolution technology of 100 micron pixel size. Our C-View and Intelligent 2D software products generate 2D images that are mathematically synthesized from the tomosynthesis data. These software products are FDA approved to replace full field digital mammography (2D) images within a 3D exam. Synthesized 2D images eliminate the need for additional 2D exposure, reducing breast compression time and radiation exposure compared to a combo exam, which includes a tomosynthesis (3D) exam and a full field digital mammography (2D) exam. 
 Our 3DQuorum technology is an artificial intelligence, or AI, powered algorithm that expedites mammography exam reading time without compromising image quality, sensitivity or accuracy. The 3DQuorum technology uniquely reconstructs Hologic Clarity HD 3D data to produce 6 mm SmartSlices. By utilizing 3DQuorum technology the number of 3D images to review is reduced by two-thirds, saving an estimated average of one hour per eight hours of daily image interpretation time. The 3DQuorum technology also reduces the typical Hologic Clarity HD and Intelligent 2D study size by approximately 50 , bringing the storage space and network impact back down to that of standard resolution 3D imaging. 
 The images captured by digital mammography systems are typically transmitted electronically for review by a radiologist at a reading workstation. To address this process, we offer the SecurView DX workstation approved for interpretation of mammograms as well as images from other diagnostic breast modalities including breast ultrasound and breast MRI. We also offer image analytic products such as the Genius AI Detection solution (Hologic s first artificial intelligence cancer detection algorithm utilizing deep-learning technology for tomosynthesis), ImageChecker CAD-solution (provides markings of suspicious areas of the breast that may be cancerous in 2D exams), and Quantra software (automates breast density measurement for our mammography systems). These technologies provide reviewers with the potential to focus on key patients that might otherwise be overlooked during the review process for additional diagnostic workups, thus potentially increasing cancer detection. 
 Stereotactic Breast Biopsy Systems 
 We provide clinicians flexibility by offering two minimally invasive stereotactic breast biopsy guidance systems: the Affirm prone and the Affirm upright breast biopsy guidance systems. The Affirm upright biopsy system is an attachment designed to integrate with our Dimensions systems, transforming it into a versatile tool for both screening and tomosynthesis biopsy. The Affirm prone biopsy system is a dedicated prone stereotactic biopsy system capable of both 2D and tomosynthesis-guided procedures. These systems provide an alternative to open surgical biopsy and can be performed as an outpatient procedure under local anesthesia, allowing shorter recovery times. The Affirm tomosynthesis option provides faster lesion targeting and reduced patient procedure time compared to traditional stereotactic biopsy procedures. The Affirm system is pre-programmed for use with our Brevera, Eviva and ATEC vacuum-assisted breast biopsy devices. 
 Breast Biopsy and Surgery Products 
 We offer a wide range of minimally invasive products for breast biopsy and breast surgery. Our breast biopsy portfolio includes three types of tethered vacuum-assisted breast biopsy products: the Brevera, ATEC, and Eviva devices. Each tethered device is powered by a console and utilizes our fluid management system. The ATEC device can be used under all standard imaging guidance modalities (stereotactic x-ray, ultrasound, MRI and molecular breast imaging) whereas our Brevera and Eviva devices are used exclusively under stereotactic x-ray guidance. We also offer non-tethered, spring-loaded, and vacuum-assisted core biopsy devices, such as the Celero and Sertera, which are exclusively used under ultrasound guidance. We also 
 9 

Table of Contents 

have products for surgical site marking, tissue localization, and sentinel lymph node biopsies, as well as specimen imaging products for radiology, surgery and pathology. Our acquisition of Endomagnetics Ltd (Endomag) complements and diversifies our expanding interventional breast health portfolio by adding wire-free breast surgery localization and lymphatic tracing solutions, including the Magseed marker, the Magtrace lymphatic tracer and the Sentimag platform, to Hologic s breast surgery portfolio, providing breast surgeons and radiologists with an expanded range of options and enhanced user experience. 
 GYN Surgical Products 
 MyoSure 
 The MyoSure system is designed to provide efficient and effective hysteroscopic removal of tissue within the uterus, including fibroids and polyps. Removal of fibroids can provide effective relief from heavy menstrual bleeding commonly attributed to such pathology. Unlike other methods of tissue removal, the excavated tissue samples remain intact, which allows them to be tested for abnormalities. The MyoSure system consists of a tissue removal device, control unit, and hysteroscope. The MyoSure tissue removal device is single-use and features simultaneous tissue cutting and removal. The device incorporates a rapidly rotating and reciprocating cutting blade. During the procedure, the tissue removal device is inserted through the Omni hysteroscope. This tissue removal device is powered by a control unit, which features a simple user interface and is foot pedal activated. We offer multiple handpiece devices that differ in size and are focused on addressing visualized tissue sampling and different pathology types. 
 NovaSure 
 The NovaSure endometrial ablation system allows physicians to treat women suffering from abnormal uterine bleeding. The system features Smart-Depth technology that continuously monitors and measures tissue impedance to provide a more customized, reliable and reproducible depth of ablation for every patient. The NovaSure system consists of a disposable device and a controller that delivers radiofrequency energy (heat) to ablate the endometrial lining of the uterus in order to eliminate or reduce the patient s abnormal bleeding. The NovaSure disposable device is a hand-held, single-use device that incorporates a flexible gold-plated mesh electrode used to deliver the radiofrequency energy to the endometrial tissue. The NovaSure ADVANCED and NovaSure V5 devices have a slim diameter designed to improve patient comfort and physician ease-of-use while maintaining the clinical efficacy of the NovaSure system. 
 Fluent Fluid Management System 
 Our Fluent fluid management portfolio can be utilized for diagnostic and operative hysteroscopic procedures, including MyoSure tissue removal. Both the Fluent and Fluent Pro systems feature an intuitive touch screen design, innovative FloPak cartridge design, and a single waste bag design that eliminates the need for multiple canisters. Therefore, the Fluent and Fluent Pro systems are designed for simplified setup and operation, and streamlined workflow for the operating room team. 
 Acessa ProVu System 
 The Acessa ProVu system is used by laparoscopic surgeons to treat fibroids using controlled radiofrequency energy to cause coagulative necrosis. The treated tissue softens and shrinks over time, allowing fibroid symptoms to resolve without more invasive treatment. The Acessa system includes an ultrasound probe to locate the fibroids, guidance mapping that provides visual cues, and a percutaneous handpiece that deploys radiofrequency energy. 
 Advanced Energy and Surgical Stapling 
 The CoolSeal vessel sealing suite and JustRight surgical stapler bolster our laparoscopic surgical offerings with advanced vessel sealing, dividing, dissection, and stapling tools. The CoolSeal Trinity and CoolSeal Reveal devices allow for dissection, vessel sealing and dividing all in one tool. The ability to use a combination device improves surgical efficiency by reducing the need for instrument exchanges. In addition, the CoolSeal Mini 3 mm sealer and the JustRight 5 mm stapler are designed for small surgical spaces such as in pediatric cases, which can help reduce the need for larger, overpowered instruments. 
 Skeletal Health Products 
 Horizon DXA Systems 
 Bone densitometry is the measurement of bone density to assist in the diagnosis and monitoring of osteoporosis and other metabolic bone diseases that can lead to frailty and debilitating bone fractures. Osteoporosis is a disease that is most prevalent in post-menopausal women. Our Horizon line of x-ray bone densitometers incorporates advanced features designed for bone health screening and body composition assessment. Body composition assessment is the precise measurement of bone, lean mass, and fat mass within the body. These measurements provide value in diverse settings, from clinical cancer care, obesity and diabetes medicine, and preventative healthcare, to athletic performance. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Fluoroscan Insight FD 
 Our Fluoroscan Insight FD is a mini C-arm imaging system that provides low intensity, real-time x-ray imaging, with high-resolution images at radiation levels and at a cost below those of conventional x-ray and standard sized fluoroscopic equipment. Mini C-arm systems are used primarily by orthopedic surgeons to assist in performing minimally invasive surgical procedures on a patient s extremities, such as the hand, wrist, knee, foot and ankle. 
 Marketing, Sales and Service 
 We sell and service our products through a combination of direct sales and service forces and a network of independent distributors and sales representatives. In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, no customer accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenues. 
 Our U.S. sales force is structured to specifically target the customers in each of our business segments. We maintain distinct teams focused on the Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical, and Skeletal Health markets. Our end customers include clinical laboratories, hospitals, healthcare providers and surgeons in both hospital and office settings, and we target various specialists at healthcare entities who use our products, such as ob-gyns, radiologists and breast surgeons. 
 A critical element of our strategy in the U.S. for our Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical, and Skeletal Health divisions has been to utilize the results of our clinical trials and expanded FDA labeling to demonstrate safety, efficacy and productivity improvements to our target customers. Our U.S. sales efforts also include the use of national account managers focused on obtaining purchasing contracts from large purchasing entities, such as managed care organizations, integrated delivery networks and government healthcare facilities. In addition, in certain regions of the U.S., we use a limited number of independent dealers or distributors to sell and service certain of our products. Internationally, our products in all divisions are marketed and sold through a combination of our direct sales force (primarily Western Europe, China, Japan, Australia, South Korea and Canada) and a network of distributors. 
 Our service organization is responsible for installing our products and providing warranty and repair services, applications training and biomedical training. Products sold by our direct sales force typically carry limited warranties covering parts and labor for twelve months. Products sold through dealers also carry limited warranties that are typically for twelve months and cover only parts and components. We also offer service contracts that generally cover equipment and maintenance after the original warranty period from one to three years. We provide both repair services and routine maintenance services under these arrangements, and also offer repair and maintenance services on a time and materials basis to customers that do not have service contracts. Our Breast Health business generates a majority of our service revenue from service contracts for our digital mammography portfolio. Internationally, generally in locations where we sell directly, we also perform maintenance services for our products, and in other geographies we primarily use distributors, sales representatives and third parties to provide maintenance services for our products. 
 Competition 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive and characterized by continual change and improvements in technology. This is particularly the case in the market segments in which we operate. A number of companies have developed or are expected to develop products that compete or will compete with our products. Many of these competitors offer a broader product portfolio and have greater brand recognition than we do, which may make these competitors more attractive to hospitals, radiology clients, group purchasing organizations, laboratories, physicians and other potential customers. Competitors may develop superior products or products of similar quality for sale at the same or lower prices. Moreover, our products could be rendered obsolete by changes to industry standards or guidelines or advances in technology. We can give no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully with existing or new competitors. 
 In the current environment of managed care, economically motivated buyers, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition and declining reimbursement rates, we have been increasingly required to compete on the basis of price, value, reliability and efficiency. We believe the current global economic conditions and healthcare reform measures are putting additional competitive pressure on us, including on our average selling prices, overall procedure rates and market sizes. 
 As a provider of women s health products and solutions designed to detect, diagnose and treat diseases across the care continuum, we encounter significant competition across our product lines in each of the market segments in which we operate. Most competition comes from larger companies that have greater financial, sales and marketing resources than we do in large markets like diagnostics, imaging and surgery. 
 In our Diagnostics business, our primary competitors are Roche Diagnostics and Becton Dickinson, as well as a wide range of diagnostics companies that sell a single or limited number of assays or products in only a specific market segment (i.e., Cytology, Acute Care, or Oncology Services). 
 11 

Table of Contents 

In our Breast Skeletal Health business, our primary competitors are large imaging companies such as Siemens Healthineers and GE Healthcare, as well as a wide range of medical technology companies that sell a subset of technology solutions into a specific market segment (i.e., Breast Biopsy, Breast Surgery). 
 In our GYN Surgical business, our primary competitors are large, full suite surgical solutions companies such as Johnson Johnson and Medtronic, as well as a wide range of single technology or solutions companies that sell into a specific market segment or procedure (i.e., Hysterectomy). In addition, we also compete with alternative treatments to our NovaSure system, such as drug therapy, intrauterine devices, hysterectomy, dilation and curettage and rollerball ablation. Because drug therapy is an alternative to our NovaSure procedure, competitors to NovaSure also include many major pharmaceutical companies that manufacture hormonal drugs for women. 
 In addition, our International team faces significant global and regional competition across our entire portfolio, with local competition also playing a role in countries where local suppliers may be advantaged. We also face competition from non-medical technology or diagnostics companies, which may offer alternative tests or therapies for illnesses and other health conditions that could also be detected, diagnosed or treated by our products and solutions, or from companies offering technologies that could augment, precede or replace procedures using our products. 
 We believe that the success of our products depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves and to demonstrate that our products deliver the clinical and operational attributes that are most important and cost-effective to customers. These attributes include, but are not limited to, superiority in efficacy, ease of use, reliability, accuracy, quality and cost. We believe our continued success depends in large part upon our ability to invest in product enhancements and technologies that will help us distinguish ourselves from our competitors. 
 Manufacturing 
 We purchase many of the components, subassemblies, and raw materials used in our products from numerous suppliers worldwide. For reasons of quality assurance, scarcity and/or cost effectiveness, certain components, subassemblies, and raw materials used in our products are available only from one or a limited number of suppliers. We work closely with our suppliers to develop contingency plans to ensure continuity of quality and reliable supply. We have established long-term supply contracts with many of our suppliers, and in other instances, we developed an in-house capability to offset potential shortages caused by sole source suppliers. Due to the high standards and FDA requirements applicable to manufacturing our products, such as the FDA's Quality System Regulation and Good Manufacturing Practices, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials. In the event we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials or components or subassemblies on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, our ability to manufacture our products on a timely and cost-competitive basis may be compromised, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our current supplier of certain key raw materials for certain of our amplified NAT diagnostic assays is Roche, a direct competitor of our Diagnostics business. 
 We have sole source third-party contract manufacturers for each of our molecular diagnostics instrument product lines and for our Skeletal Health products. Stratec SE, or Stratec, is the only manufacturer of the Panther and Panther Fusion instruments; and Flextronics Medical Sales and Marketing, LTD, or Flextronics, is the only manufacturer of our Skeletal Health finished goods products. We are dependent on these sole source third-party manufacturers, and this dependence exposes us to increased risks associated with production delays, delivery schedules, manufacturing capability, quality control, quality assurance and costs. We have no firm long-term volume commitments with either Stratec or Flextronics. If Stratec, Flextronics or any of our other third-party manufacturers experiences delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in its development or manufacturing operations, curtails operations or otherwise fails to supply us with products in sufficient quantities, instrument and equipment shipments to our customers could be delayed or cancelled, which would decrease our revenues and may harm our competitive position and reputation. Further, because we place orders with our manufacturers based on forecasts of expected demand for our molecular diagnostics instruments and Skeletal Health products, if we inaccurately forecast demand, we may be unable to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity or adequate quantities of components to meet our customers' delivery requirements. 
 We, and our contract manufacturers, manufacture our products at a limited number of different facilities located in the U.S. and throughout the world. In most cases, the manufacturing of each of our products is concentrated in one or a few locations. An interruption in manufacturing capabilities at any of these facilities, as a result of equipment failure or other reasons, could reduce, delay or prevent the production of our products. Some of our manufacturing operations are located outside of the U.S., including in Costa Rica and the United Kingdom. Those manufacturing operations are also subject to additional challenges and risks associated with international operations described under the caption Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

From time to time new regulations are enacted that can affect the content and manufacturing of our products. We evaluate the steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. For example, as a U.S. public company, we are subject to rules requiring disclosures of the source of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, which are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured by us. Since our supply chain is complex, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. In addition, we may encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to do so. 
 Our operations are subject to numerous environmental laws regulating hazardous materials in products and chemical usage. We maintain a chemical compliance program that includes policies, standards, systems and staff dedicated to overseeing and maintaining compliance with these requirements. We also have processes and systems to support compliance with the European Union EU Restriction of Hazardous Substances RoHS and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment WEEE Directives; the China Administrative, the China Administrative Measures for the Restriction of Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Products China RoHS regulation; the EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals REACH regulation; EU Medical Device Regulation MDR EU In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Regulation IVDR ), and similar global and state laws that restrict chemical substances. Any failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations, and contractual obligations could increase product production lead times, increase costs due to fines and could negatively affect our competitive position and brand. 
 Research and Development 
 The markets in which we participate are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product introductions and evolving customer requirements. Investment in research and development is critical to driving our future growth. Our research and development efforts are focused on the further development and improvement of our existing products, the design and development of new innovative medical technologies and regulatory compliance across all our business segments. 
 In addition to product development, our research and development personnel play an active role in the review of product specifications, clinical protocols and FDA submissions, as well as ensuring that certain of our products conform to European health, safety and environmental requirements, or CE-marking. 
 Patents and Proprietary Rights 
 We rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks and confidentiality procedures to protect our products and technology. Due to the rapid technological changes that characterize the markets we operate in, we believe that trade secrets and other unpatented know-how relied upon in connection with the development of new products and the enhancement of existing products are generally as important as patent protection in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. Nevertheless, we have obtained patents and will continue to make efforts to obtain patents, when available, in connection with our product development programs. We do not consider our business to be materially dependent upon any individual patent. 
 We own numerous U.S. patents and have applied for numerous additional U.S. patents relating to our technologies. We also own or have applied for corresponding patents in selected foreign countries. These patents relate to various aspects of most of our products. We do not know if current or future patent applications will be issued with the full scope of the claims sought, if at all, or whether any patents issued will be challenged or invalidated. There is a risk that our patent applications will not result in granted patents or that granted patents will not provide significant protection for our products and technology. Third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights, or copy or reverse engineer portions of our technology. Our competitors may independently develop similar or superior technology that our patents do not cover. In addition, because patent applications in the U.S. are not generally publicly disclosed until eighteen months after the application is filed, unpublished applications may have been filed by third parties that relate to our technology. Moreover, there is a risk that foreign intellectual property laws will not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as intellectual property laws in the U.S. The rights provided by a patent are finite in time. Over the coming years, certain patents relating to current products will expire in the U.S. and abroad which may allow third parties to exploit those technologies. In the absence of significant patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to copy our products, processes or technology. 
 In addition to the patents we have been issued or we have acquired, we license patents from others on a variety of terms and conditions. 
 We are engaged in intellectual property litigation, and we may be notified in the future of claims that we may be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. In connection with any such claims, we may seek to enter into settlement and/or licensing arrangements. There is a risk in these situations that no license 
 13 

Table of Contents 

will be available or that a license will not be available on reasonable terms. Alternatively, we may decide or be required to litigate such claims. A successful claim against us may require us to remove the alleged infringing product from the market or to design around the third party's patent, potentially resulting in less market demand for the product. Additionally, we may initiate litigation against third parties who are infringing our intellectual property. There is a risk in these situations that we will not obtain injunctive relief or receive damages sufficient to compensate for lost sales and the costs of the litigation. 
 Regulatory 
 The manufacture, sale, lease and service of medical diagnostic and surgical devices intended for commercial use are subject to extensive governmental regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by a variety of regulatory agencies in other countries. Under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, known as the FD C Act, manufacturers of medical products and devices must comply with certain regulations governing the design, testing, manufacturing, packaging, distribution, servicing and marketing of medical products. Some of our products are also subject to the Radiation Control for Health and Safety Act, administered by the FDA, which imposes performance standards and record keeping, reporting, product testing and product labeling requirements for devices that emit radiation, such as x-rays. FDA product approvals may be withdrawn or suspended if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 The FDA classifies medical devices into three classes based on risk. Regulatory control increases from Class I (lowest risk) to Class III (highest risk). The FDA generally must clear or approve the commercial sale of new medical devices in Classes II and III. Commercial sales of our Class II (except for Class II exempt devices) and Class III medical devices within the U.S. must be preceded by either a pre-market notification filing pursuant to Section 510(k) of the FD C Act (Class II) or the granting of a pre-market approval, or PMA (Class III). Our Class I and Class II exempt medical devices must follow Hologic s internal Quality System processes prior to commercialization and throughout their product lifecycle. We must meet requirements under FDA's quality system regulation (QSR), establishment registration, medical device listing, labeling and medical device reporting (MDR) regulations. The FDA can authorize the emergency use of an unapproved medical product or an unapproved use of an approved medical product, referred to as Emergency Use Authorization, or EUA, for certain emergency circumstances after the Health and Human Services Secretary has made a declaration of emergency justifying authorization of emergency use. An EUA allows use in an emergency to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions caused by emerging infectious disease threats when there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. The FDA may also waive otherwise-applicable current good manufacturing practice (CGMP) requirements to accommodate emergency response needs. In March 2020, the FDA granted EUA for our Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2 assay for testing for the COVID-19 virus. In May 2020, the FDA granted EUA for our Aptima SARS-CoV-2 assay for use on our standard Panther instrument. 
 A 510(k) pre-market notification filing must contain information establishing that the device to be sold is substantially equivalent to a device commercially distributed prior to May 28, 1976 or to a device that has been determined by the FDA to be substantially equivalent. The PMA process involves a complex and lengthy testing process that is subject to review by the FDA and may require several years to obtain. We may need to first obtain an investigational device exemption (for significant risk devices), known as an IDE, in order to conduct extensive clinical testing of the device to obtain the necessary clinical data for submission to the FDA. The FDA will approve a PMA only if after evaluating the supporting technical data it finds that the PMA contains sufficient, valid scientific evidence to assure that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). This approval may be granted with post-approval requirements including inspection of manufacturing facilities and/or additional patient follow-up for an indefinite period of time. 
 Our Biotheranostics laboratory in San Diego, California and the laboratories that purchase certain of our products, including the Aptima SARS-CoV-2 EUA, Aptima Flu Multiplex EUA, Fusion SARS-CoV-2 EUA, ThinPrep System, ThinPrep Imaging System, Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test, Aptima Combo 2, Aptima HPV tests and Aptima HIV-1 Quant, HCV Quant Dx, HBV Quant, Aptima Trichomonas Vaginalis (Trich), Aptima Mycoplasma Genitalium (MGen), Aptima HSV 1 2, Aptima BV, Aptima CV/TV, and Panther Fusion Assays are subject to extensive regulation under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, or CLIA, which requires laboratories to meet specified standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, participation in proficiency testing, patient test management, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. Adverse interpretations of current CLIA regulations or future changes in CLIA regulations could have an adverse effect on sales of any affected products or services. These laboratories are also licensed by the appropriate state agencies in the states in which they operate, where such licensure is required. In addition, our laboratories hold state licenses or permits, as applicable, from various states to the extent that they accept specimens from one or more of these states, each of which requires out-of-state laboratories to obtain licensure. If a laboratory is out of compliance with CLIA or with state laws or regulations governing licensed laboratories, penalties may include suspension, limitation or revocation of the license or CLIA certificate, assessment of financial penalties or fines, or imprisonment. Loss of a laboratory's CLIA certificate or state license may also result in the inability to receive payments from state and federal health care programs as well as private third-party payors. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Certain analyte specific reagents, referred to as ASR products, as with other Class I products, may be sold without 510(k) clearance or PMA approval. However, ASR products are subject to significant restrictions. The manufacturer may not make clinical or analytical performance claims for the ASR product, may not promote their use with specific laboratory equipment and may only sell the ASR product to clinical laboratories that are qualified to run high complexity tests under CLIA. Each laboratory must validate the ASR product for use in diagnostic procedures as a laboratory developed test. 
 We are also subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign laws which broadly relate to our interactions with healthcare practitioners and other participants in the healthcare system, including, among others, the following: 
 anti-kickback and anti-bribery laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, the U.K. s Bribery Act 2010, or the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act; 
 laws regulating the confidentiality of sensitive personal information and the circumstances under which such information may be released and/or collected, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH Act, and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR; and 
 healthcare reform laws, such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, which we refer to together as PPACA, which include new regulatory mandates and other measures designed to constrain medical costs, as well as stringent new reporting requirements of financial relationships between device manufacturers and physicians and teaching hospitals. 
 In addition, we are subject to numerous federal, state, foreign and local laws relating to safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, data privacy and protection among others. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations in the future and complying with these laws may result in a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Sales of medical devices outside of the U.S. are subject to foreign requirements that vary widely from country to country. For example, our ability to market our products outside of the U.S. is contingent upon maintaining our International Standards Organization, or ISO, Quality System certification, complying with European directives and in some cases receiving specific marketing authorization from the appropriate foreign regulatory authorities. Foreign registration is an ongoing process as we register additional products and/or implement product modifications. 
 The time required to obtain approval from a foreign country to market and sell our products may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval and the requirements may differ. In addition, we may be required to meet the FDA s export requirements or receive FDA export approval for the export of our products to foreign countries. 
 Our products are also subject to approval and regulation by foreign regulatory and safety agencies. For example, the EU adopted the EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR and the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (the EU IVDR ), each of which impose stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. The EU MDR and IVDR were amended in March 2023 to modify deadlines for compliance. As such, manufacturers were required to demonstrate MDR-compliant Quality Management System (QMS) and submit their MDR applications by May 2024. The EU IVDR has been applicable since May 2022. The March 2023 amendment to the EU IVDR deleted the sell-off provision, allowing continued availability of products placed on the market before the end of the EU IVDR dates of application. Complying with the requirements of these regulations has required us to, and may continue to require us to, incur significant expenditures. Failure to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the EU and other regions that tie their product registrations to the EU requirements. In China, the recently rebranded National Medical Products Administration (formerly CFDA), or the NMPA, has historically been conservative leading to extended review times. However, more recently, the NMPA has been more interactive, which we attribute to its response to the long delays in getting lifesaving medical devices into China. If this continues, this could favorably affect our ability to introduce new products in the Chinese market. 
 The regulatory environment in China continues to evolve, and officials in the Chinese government exercise broad discretion in deciding how to interpret and apply regulations. It is possible that the Chinese government's current or future interpretation and application of existing or new regulations will negatively impact our China operations, result in regulatory investigations or lead to fines or penalties. 
 We anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize the healthcare industry closely and that changes in laws, regulations or policies by governmental authorities may cause increases in uncertainties and compliance costs, exposure to litigation and other adverse effects to our business and operations. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, clearances or 
 15 

Table of Contents 

approvals for future products could delay or preclude realization of product revenues from new products or result in substantial additional costs which could decrease our profitability. 
 For additional information about the regulations to which our business is subject and the impact such regulations may have on our business, see the disclosures under the captions Manufacturing and Reimbursement in this Item 1, and Risk Factors in Item 1A below. 
 Reimbursement 
 Market acceptance of our medical products in the U.S. and other countries is dependent upon the purchasing and procurement practices of our customers and patient need for our products and procedures and, the coverage and reimbursement of patients medical expenses by government healthcare programs, private insurers or other healthcare payors. In the U.S., the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, known as CMS, establishes coverage policies and payment rates for Medicare beneficiaries. CMS publishes payment rates for physician, hospital, laboratory and ambulatory surgical center services on an annual basis. Under current CMS policies and regulations, varying payment levels have been established for tests and procedures performed using our products. Coverage policies for Medicare patients may vary by regional Medicare contractor in the absence of a national coverage determination and payment rates for procedures may vary based on the geographic price index. Coverage policies and reimbursement rates for Medicaid patients are dependent on each state Medicaid plan and will vary. Coverage policies and reimbursement rates for patients with private insurance are dependent on state and federal requirements as well as individual private payor s decisions. Moreover, private insurance carriers may choose not to follow the CMS coverage policies or payment rates. The use of our products outside of the U.S. is similarly affected by reimbursement policies adopted by foreign regulatory authorities and insurance carriers. 
 Healthcare policy and payment reform proposals and medical cost containment measures are being adopted in the U.S. and in many foreign countries. The ability of our customers to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products and services from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement and coverage vary by country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products and technologies. Even if we develop a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless reimbursement approval and coverage is obtained from private and governmental third-party payors. Further, ongoing legislative or administrative reform to the reimbursement system in the U.S. and other countries may impact reimbursement for procedures using our medical products and/or limit coverage for those procedures facilitated by our products. This includes price regulation, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements. These trends could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Human Capital 
 We view human capital management and the strength of our employees as integral to the long-term success of our business and the strengthening of our communities. We understand that we rely on our employees worldwide to propel our organization forward with great ideas, innovations and leadership. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had 7,063 full-time employees, including 2,208 in manufacturing operations, 1,774 in sales and marketing, 1,472 in support services, 784 in research and development, and 825 in general administration. Approximately 4,113 of these employees are in the U.S. and approximately 2,950 were outside the U.S. In various countries outside the U.S., certain of our employees are unionized and, where local law requires, participate in works councils. 
 Employee Engagement and Development 
 Our goal is to develop and maintain a talented, engaged and diverse workforce that has a positive impact on our performance, and on our customers and their patients. We have been conducting an annual engagement survey since 2015 in which most of our employees regularly participate, as well as two other annual workplace surveys since 2021 that engage our U.S. employees. We believe our foundation of employee engagement, our commitment to our employees, and their commitment to each other fortifies our leaders and teams and improves their business performance. We also offer a range of programs to develop our managers and enhance our leadership across the Company. Our professional development efforts are aimed at increasing organizational talent and capabilities and identifying and developing potential successors for key leadership positions. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Compensation and Benefits 
 Our compensation philosophy aims to attract and retain top talent for today and the future. To this end, we invest in the physical, emotional and financial well-being of our employees through our robust compensation and benefit programs. These programs (which vary by country/region) include a variety of health plan options, annual performance incentive opportunities, employee stock purchase plan, and retirement savings programs, paid time off (including for charitable actions), leave programs, employee assistance programs and other wellness offerings. 
 Equal pay for equal work is rooted in our values and foundational to fostering an inclusive environment. As such, we regularly review pay for internal equity, considering factors such as an employee s role, experience, skills and performance, and aim to provide that our compensation structure is appropriate. We also engage outside counsel to evaluate compliance with pay equity laws. When we identify any potential differences in pay for whatever reason, we research those differences and act if appropriate. Employees are encouraged to share any pay equity concerns with management, Human Resources, or confidentially through our reporting hotline, including anonymously. Hologic has a non-retaliation policy for raising any workplace concerns, including around pay. 
 Diversity Drives Performance 
 We are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse work environment that promotes equal opportunity, dignity and respect, starting with our Board and our Leadership team. Of our nine directors, five, representing 56 of the Board, are women, one of our directors self-identifies as Asian and another self-identifies as Black. For each of the past 13 years, women have comprised over 30 of our Board. Also, three of our directors were born outside of the United States, and two were predominantly educated outside of the United States, which we believe promotes diverse perspectives for our Board. 
 We believe that our focus on the lives of women has helped us to attract a diverse workforce and build an inclusive ethos where different perspectives are valued and respected. Building a diverse workforce begins with our hiring practices and extends to our access to opportunities, strategic development and promotion of internal talent. We seek to identify and develop high-potential individuals, including women and members of underrepresented ethnicities within the Company. In addition to women holding several key roles within the Company (Chief Financial Officer; President, Diagnostic Solutions; Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources; Corporate Vice President, Global Tax and Treasury; Vice President of Finance, Breast and Skeletal Health; Vice President of Internal Audit; Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Development; Corporate Vice President, Government Affairs and Corporate Communications; and Chief of Staff), persons of color have assumed important leadership roles as Chief Operating Officer, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Secretary. Additionally, given that our commercial teams are an important pipeline for senior management, we are pleased that a significant number of our commercial team members below the level of vice president are women and/or people of color. 
 We strive to hire the most talented person for the job and believe that, over time, this will lead to an increasingly diverse workforce which reflects the communities in which we operate. As a part of finding the most qualified people, we seek to identify and consider diverse slates of candidates for roles across the organization, from the boardroom and c-suite to all levels of the workforce. We believe our focus on talent identification, development, engagement and succession planning has been particularly successful in developing a deep and diverse talent pipeline. As part of our continued commitment to transparency on diversity, our U.S. Federal Employment Information Report (EEO-1) is also publicly available on our website. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 We seek to comply in letter and in spirit with applicable health and safety laws and regulations and implement programs, policies and procedures to achieve compliance throughout the Company. We also establish our own environmental health and safety standards in addition to those that are legally required. We employ management systems and procedures designed to protect human safety, health, and the environment. In fact, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we took additional health and safety measures. We seek to reduce risk and protect our employees and communities by employing safe technologies and operating procedures, and by maintaining a business continuity program to stay prepared for emergencies. We have also developed safety rules and procedures to address behaviors and work practices that can lead to accidents and injuries. Safety performance is assessed throughout the year by management and during annual performance reviews. 
 In addition, we have developed several employee-focused initiatives to support the physical, mental, and financial well-being of our employees. These initiatives include providing enhanced accident and critical illness insurance, access to telehealth services, developing an employee assistance program that provides mental health therapy, wellness coaching, and medication management, and offering subscriptions to self-care mobile apps. 
 Community Engagement and Volunteerism 
 We take the role we play as leaders in the communities where we live and work seriously. Our philanthropic and charitable efforts are an important part of our culture and linked to our efforts to work to improve the health of our 
 17 

Table of Contents 

communities, customers, patients and employees, and seek to ensure that the decisions we make today have a positive effect on future generations. We center our giving efforts in three specific areas to maximize our impact in ways that align with the values of our employees and customers: (i) women's health, and other healthcare fields in which Hologic operates; (ii) science, technology, engineering, and math education (STEM), especially for students from underserved communities; and (iii) social and racial equality, especially in healthcare. 
 We also support employees in giving back to community organizations through volunteering and matching donations. To that end, we further expanded our support for local non-profit groups, by providing our U.S. colleagues an additional paid day off to engage in community service. We also have continued to strengthen our scholarship funds. The Hologic Scholarship Fund awards scholarships for employees' children and grandchildren. We also support students near our largest U.S. facilities by providing scholarship funding to non-profit organizations that help students from underserved communities become the first in their family to attend college. 
 Seasonality 
 Worldwide sales, including U.S. sales, do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality; however, customer purchases of our GYN Surgical products have been historically lower in our second fiscal quarter compared to our other fiscal quarters. Our respiratory infectious disease product line (including our assays for the detection of SARS-CoV-2) within our Diagnostics segment is also subject to significant seasonal and year-over-year fluctuations. In addition, the summer months, which occur during our fourth fiscal quarter, typically have had lower order rates internationally for most of our products. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC should be considered carefully. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of these events or circumstances could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. This report contains forward-looking statements; please refer to the cautionary statements made under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for more information on the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements. 
 COMPETITION AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 
 We face intense competition from other companies and may not be able to compete successfully. 
 The markets in which we sell our products are intensely competitive, subject to rapid technological change and may be significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities of industry participants, and these competitive pressures may reduce the demand and prices for our products. Other companies may develop products that are superior to and/or less expensive than our products. Improvements in existing competitive products or the introduction of new competitive products, including an increase of artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities, may reduce our ability to compete for sales, particularly if those competitive products demonstrate better safety or effectiveness, clinical results, ease of use or lower costs. 
 In addition, some companies may have significant competitive advantages over us, which may make them more attractive to hospitals, clinics, radiology clients, group purchasing organizations, laboratories, and physicians, including: 
 greater brand recognition; 
 larger or more established distribution networks and customer bases; 
 a broader product portfolio, resulting in the ability to offer rebates or bundle products to offer discounts or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; 
 higher levels of automation and greater installed bases of such equipment; 
 higher reimbursement coverage; 
 more extensive research, development, sales, marketing, and manufacturing capabilities and greater financial resources; and 
 greater technical resources positioning them to continue to improve their technology in order to compete in an evolving industry. 
 We also developed assays to detect COVID-19. As COVID-19 testing declines, and there is greater use of rapid tests and at-home collection tests, continued decline in demand for our COVID-19 assays without a corresponding increase in our other businesses or customers consolidating their molecular testing menu to high throughput, high automation platforms which may further increase the competition our Panther and Panther Fusion instruments face could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial position. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Challenges in the development of our products could materially impact our long-term success. 
 Our growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for or enhancements of existing products. The development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory clearances and approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain, maintain, protect and enforce appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, gain and maintain market approval of our products and access capital. If we are not able to successfully enhance existing products or develop new products, our products may be rendered obsolete or uncompetitive by changing technology or new industry standards. We cannot assure that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance, and we may be unable to recover all or a meaningful part of our investment in such products and technologies. Additionally, our current products utilize artificial intelligence, and future innovations in our products will likely continue to incorporate artificial intelligence. As with many technological innovations, there are significant risks and challenges involved in maintaining and deploying these technologies, and there can be no assurance that the use of such technologies will enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business. The use of artificial intelligence in healthcare products also poses certain clinical risks resulting from potential misdiagnosis or misinformation provided from applications, diminishing critical judgment, or loss of interpersonal care from clinicians. The regulatory landscape surrounding artificial intelligence is also evolving and may expose us to an increased risk of regulatory enforcement and litigation. Such risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 The markets for our newly developed products and newly introduced enhancements to our existing products may not develop as expected. 
 The successful commercialization of our newly developed products and newly introduced enhancements to our existing products are subject to numerous risks, both known and unknown, including: 
 uncertainty of the development of a market for such product; 
 trends relating to, or the introduction or existence of, competing products or technologies that may be more effective, safer or easier to use than our products or technologies; 
 the perception of our products as compared to other products; 
 recommendation and support for the use of our products by influential customers, such as highly regarded hospitals, physicians and treatment centers; 
 the availability and extent of data demonstrating the clinical efficacy of our products or treatments; 
 competition, including the presence of competing products sold by companies with longer operating histories, more recognizable names and more established distribution networks; and 
 other technological developments. 
 Often, the development of a significant market for a product will depend upon the establishment of a reimbursement code or an advantageous reimbursement level for use of the product. Moreover, even if addressed, such reimbursement codes or levels frequently are not established until after a product is developed and commercially introduced, which can delay the successful commercialization of a product. If we are unable to successfully commercialize and create a significant market for our newly developed products and newly introduced enhancements to our existing products our business and prospects could be harmed. 
 If we cannot maintain our current corporate collaborations and enter into new corporate collaborations, our product development could be delayed and our revenue or expenses could be adversely impacted. 
 We have relied and/or expect to rely on corporate collaborators for funding development, marketing, distribution, and the commercialization of certain products. If we or any of our corporate collaborators were to breach, terminate, fail to renew our agreements or otherwise fail to properly conduct their obligations in a timely manner, the development or commercialization and subsequent marketing of the products contemplated by the collaboration could be delayed or terminated, and we could incur additional charges or expenses. Further, we would be required to devote additional resources to product development or marketing, to terminate some development programs or to seek alternative corporate collaborations with certain partners or companies that could make it more difficult for us to enter into advantageous business transactions or relationships with others. Any of the foregoing risks could harm our business and prospects. 
 Our long-term success will depend upon our ability to execute on business development activities and integrate acquired businesses. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

As part of our long-term strategy, we are engaged in business development activities including evaluating future acquisitions, joint development opportunities, technology licensing arrangements and other opportunities to further expand our presence in or diversify into priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. We may not be able to identify appropriate business development activities or acquisition candidates, consummate transactions or obtain agreements with favorable terms, if at all. We may also be subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny from competition and antitrust authorities in connection with acquisitions. If we are successful in pursuing future acquisitions, we may face significant competition, be required to expend significant funds, incur additional debt or other obligations, or issue additional securities, which may negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. If we spend significant funds or incur additional debt or obligations, our ability to obtain financing for working capital or other purposes could be adversely affected, and we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns and competitive pressures. Over the last five years, we made a number of tactical acquisitions which complemented our existing businesses. We continue to integrate some of those acquisitions. Any inability to successfully integrate new businesses, including our more recent acquisitions, decreases in customer loyalty or product orders, failure to retain or develop the acquired workforce, failure to realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits and synergies in a timely manner, failure to establish and maintain appropriate controls or unknown or contingent liabilities could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any new product or acquisition. The integration of an acquired business, whether or not successful, requires significant efforts which may result in additional expenses and divert the attention of our management and technical personnel from other projects. Acquisitions, in particular, are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any past or future transaction will be successful. 
 THIRD-PARTY REIMBURSEMENT AND GUIDELINES 
 Healthcare cost containment legislation and the failure of third-party payors to provide appropriate levels of coverage and reimbursement for the use of products and treatments facilitated by our products could harm our business and prospects. 
 Sales and market acceptance of our diagnostics, breast and skeletal health and surgical products and the treatments facilitated by these products are dependent upon the coverage decisions and reimbursement policies established by government healthcare programs and private health insurers. These policies affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies. Even if we develop a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless appropriate reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payors. Further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the U.S. and other countries in a manner that significantly reduces reimbursement for procedures using our diagnostics, breast and skeletal health and surgical products or denies coverage for those procedures facilitated by our products, including price regulation, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Guidelines, recommendations and studies published by various organizations may reduce the use of our products. 
 Professional societies, government agencies, practice management groups, private health/science foundations, and organizations involved in healthcare issues may publish guidelines, recommendations or studies to the healthcare and patient communities. Organizations like these have in the past made recommendations about our products and those of our competitors. If followed by healthcare providers and insurers, such publications could result in decreased use of our products. For example, in November 2012, the American Congress of Obstetrics and Gynecologists, known as the ACOG, released updates in which it recommended less frequent cervical cancer screening similar to guidelines released in March 2012 by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, or the USPSTF, and the American Cancer Society. We believe that these recommendations and guidelines may have contributed to increased screening intervals for cervical cancer, which we believe has and may continue to adversely affect our ThinPrep revenues. Our cervical cancer screening revenues, primarily from ThinPrep sales, may also be adversely affected by the July 2020 American Cancer Society cervical cancer screening guidelines, which recommended the use of a human papillomavirus (HPV) test for primary screening rather than co-testing (the use of an HPV test with a Pap test) or a standalone Pap test. In addition, on October 20, 2015, the American Cancer Society issued guidelines recommending that women start annual mammograms at age 45 instead of 40 and have a mammogram every two years instead of annually. We believe that this recommendation may have resulted in a decrease in the use of mammography systems. 
 REGULATORY AND LEGAL 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and our business generally is subject to extensive and complex laws and governmental regulations, and changes in healthcare laws and regulations or our inability to obtain in a timely manner or at all U.S. or foreign regulatory clearances or approvals for our current and newly developed products and services or product or service enhancements or any adverse regulatory action could adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We operate in a highly regulated industry. As a result, governmental actions may adversely affect our business, operations or financial condition, including : 
 new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to healthcare availability, method of delivery and payment for healthcare products and services; 
 changes in the FDA and foreign regulatory approval processes that may delay or prevent the approval of new products and result in lost market opportunity; 
 changes in FDA and foreign regulations that may require additional safety monitoring, labeling changes, restrictions on product distribution or use, or other measures after the introduction of our products to market, which could increase our costs of doing business, adversely affect the future permitted uses of approved products, or otherwise adversely affect the market for our products; and 
 new laws, regulations and judicial decisions affecting pricing or marketing practices. 
 Given the high level of regulatory oversight to which our products are subject, the process of obtaining clearances and approvals can be costly and time consuming. In addition, there is a risk that any approvals or clearances, once obtained, may be withdrawn. Most medical devices cannot be marketed in the U.S. without 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval by the FDA. Any modifications to a device that has received a pre-market approval that affect the safety or effectiveness of the device require a pre-market approval supplement or possibly a separate pre-market approval, either of which is likely to be time consuming, expensive and uncertain to obtain. If the FDA requires us to seek one or more pre-market approval supplements or new pre-market approvals for any modification to a previously approved device, we may be required to cease marketing or to recall the modified device until we obtain approval, and we may be subject to significant criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, but not limited to, regulatory fines or penalties. States may also regulate the manufacture, sale and use of medical devices, particularly those that employ x-ray technology. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain or maintain, clearances or approvals for products could also delay or preclude realization of product revenues from new or existing products or result in substantial additional costs which could decrease our profitability. 
 Our products are also subject to approval and regulation by foreign regulatory and safety agencies. For example, the EU has adopted the EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR and the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (the EU IVDR ), each of which impose stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. Implementation of the compliance requirements of these regulations requires us to incur significant expenditures and utilize resources. Failure to continue to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the EU and other regions that tie their product registrations to the EU requirements. 
 In addition, maintaining compliance with multiple regulators, and multiple centers within the FDA, adds complexity and cost to our manufacturing processes. Our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers are subject to periodic regulatory inspections by the FDA and other regulatory agencies, and these facilities are subject to the FDA's Quality System Regulation and Good Manufacturing Practices. The results of these inspections can include, and have in the past included, inspectional observations on the FDA s Form 483, warning letters, or other forms of enforcement. If the FDA were to conclude that we, or our contractors, are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our medical products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, it may prevent us from selling our products. 
 We anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize the healthcare industry closely and that changes in laws, regulations or policies by governmental authorities may cause increased uncertainties and compliance costs, exposure to litigation and other adverse effects to our business and operations. These and other rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations that our business activities are subject to, may increase the ongoing costs and complexities of compliance, including by requiring investments in technology or other compliance systems. In addition, the legal, regulatory and ethical landscape around the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning is rapidly evolving, and our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit our ability to incorporate certain artificial intelligence capabilities into our products. Additionally, we are party to various other legal proceedings, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries and investigations arising out of the ordinary course of its business, which are difficult to predict and the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business. If we are unable to continue to adapt to the various changes or comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 Some of our activities may subject us to risks under federal and state laws prohibiting kickbacks and false or fraudulent claims. 
 We are subject to the provisions of a federal law commonly known as the anti-kickback statute, and several similar state laws, which prohibit payments intended to induce physicians or others either to refer patients or to acquire or arrange for or recommend the acquisition of healthcare products or services. While the federal law applies only to products or services for which payment may be made by a federal healthcare program, state laws often apply regardless of whether federal funds may 
 21 

Table of Contents 

be involved. These laws constrain the sales, marketing and other promotional activities of manufacturers of medical devices by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements, including sales programs that may be used with hospitals, physicians, laboratories and other potential purchasers of medical devices. Other federal and state laws generally prohibit individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent, or are for items or services that were not provided as claimed. Similarly, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act also includes stringent reporting requirements of financial relationships between device manufacturers and physicians and teaching hospitals. Specifically, under one provision of the law, which is commonly referred to as the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, we are required to collect data on and annually report to CMS certain payments or other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and annually report certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians or their immediate family members. Anti-kickback and false claims laws and the Physician Payment Sunshine Act prescribe civil and criminal penalties (including fines) for noncompliance that can be substantial. 
 Similarly, our international operations are subject to the provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ), which prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering or making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. In many countries, the healthcare professionals we regularly interact with may meet the definition of a foreign official for purposes of the FCPA. Our international operations are also subject to various other international anti-bribery laws such as the UK Anti-Bribery Act. Despite meaningful measures that we undertake to facilitate lawful conduct, which include training and compliance programs and internal policies and procedures, we may not always prevent unauthorized, reckless or criminal acts by our employees or agents, or employees or agents of businesses or operations we may acquire. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also could be subject to adverse publicity, severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies and controls, personnel changes and other remedial actions. Moreover, our failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including possible delay in approval or refusal to approve a product, recalls, seizures, and withdrawal of an approved product from the market. 
 We are subject to the risk of product liability claims relating to our products for which we may not have adequate insurance. 
 Our business involves the risk of product liability and other claims inherent to the medical device business. If even one of our products is found to have caused or contributed to injuries or deaths, we could be held liable for substantial damages. We maintain product liability insurance subject to deductibles and exclusions. There is a risk that the insurance coverage will not be sufficient to protect us from product and other liability claims, or that product liability insurance will not be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. An under-insured or uninsured claim could harm our business and prospects. In addition, claims could adversely affect the reputation of the related product, which could damage that product s competitive position in the market. 
 The sale and use of our diagnostic products could also lead to product liability claims if someone were to allege that one of our products contained a design or manufacturing defect that resulted in inaccurate test results or the failure to detect a disorder for which it was being used to screen, or caused injuries to a patient. We are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings described in more detail under Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements entitled Litigation and Related Matters . The outcome of litigation is difficult to assess or quantify. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in an increase in our product liability insurance rates or the inability to secure additional coverage in the future. Also, even a meritless or unsuccessful product liability claim could be time consuming and expensive to defend. This could result in a diversion of management s attention from our business and adversely affect the perceived safety and efficacy of our products, which could harm our business and prospects. 
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including related to our use and recycling of hazardous materials and the composition of our products. 
 Our research and development and manufacturing processes involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, such as toxic and carcinogenic chemicals and various radioactive compounds, and the risk of contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. In such event, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any such liability could be extensive. From time to time new regulations are enacted, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations will be implemented and enforced. We continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. These regulations include, for example, regulations enacted in the EU such as the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances, or REACH, which requires the registration of and regulates use of certain chemicals, the Restriction on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, or RoHS, which regulates the use of certain hazardous substances in certain products we manufacture, and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, or WEEE, which requires the collection, reuse and recycling of waste from certain products we manufacture. These and similar legislation that has been or is in the process of being enacted in Japan, China and various states 
 22 

Table of Contents 

of the U.S. may require us to re-design our products to ensure compliance with the applicable standards, for example by requiring the use of different types of materials. These redesigns or the use of alternative materials may detrimentally impact the performance of our products, add greater testing lead times for product introductions, result in additional costs or have other similar effects. In addition, changes in environmental laws and regulations, in particular relating to climate change and greenhouse gas GHG emissions, could require us, or our contract manufacturers or suppliers, to install additional equipment, or alter operations to incorporate new technologies or processes, which may result in additional expenses and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We are also subject to other substantial regulation relating to environmental, health and safety matters, including occupational health and safety, environmental protection, hazardous substance control, and waste management and disposal. The failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to, among other things, fines and criminal liability. We may also be required to incur significant costs to comply with these and future regulations, which may result in a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increasingly, regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental matters and related disclosures. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent meeting such regulations and expectations and copying with disclosure requirements. For example, collecting, measuring and reporting environmental data is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s climate-related reporting requirements, if such reporting requirements survive pending judicial review, California s disclosure requirements and similar regulations established by other international regulatory bodies, such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union. In addition, a number of our customers who are payors or distributors have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include environmental provisions that their suppliers or manufacturers must comply with. If we do not adapt to or comply with new regulations, or fail to meet evolving investor, industry or stakeholder expectations and concerns regarding environmental issues, investors may reconsider their investment in our Company, and customers and suppliers may choose to limit their business with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or reputation. 
 Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the Company's operating results. 
 We are subject to income taxes, as well as taxes that are not income-based, in both the U.S. and jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the U.S. and as led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development of a global minimum tax, could negatively impact the Company s effective tax rate, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our future effective tax rate could be unfavorably affected by numerous other factors including a change in the interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, a change in our geographic earnings mix, and/or to the jurisdictions in which we operate, or a change in the measurement of our deferred taxes. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions, and tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. 
 GLOBAL CHALLENGES, INCLUDING MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND RELATED FINANCIAL RISKS 
 The continuing worldwide macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty may adversely affect our business and prospects, both domestically and internationally. 
 Continued concerns about the systemic impact of potential long-term and wide-spread recession and geopolitical issues, including wars and terrorism, have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for economic growth in the world. Our business and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by changes in macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, bank failures, rising interest rates and availability of capital markets. Uncertainty about global economic conditions, particularly in emerging markets and countries with government-sponsored healthcare systems, may also cause decreased demand for our products and services and increased competition, which could result in lower sales volume and downward pressure on the prices for our products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. A weakening of macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply. In addition, continuing social and political concerns and divisions in the U.S. and throughout the world, could have a material, adverse effect on the economic conditions in markets we serve, and our results of operations, cash flow and financial position. Elections and political changes in various countries, including the U.S., may further exacerbate geopolitical and geoeconomic tensions and market instability. 
 Market acceptance of our medical products in the U.S. and other countries is dependent upon the medical equipment purchasing and procurement practices of our customers, patient need for our products and procedures and the reimbursement of patients' medical expenses by government healthcare programs and third-party payors. The continuing uncertainty surrounding global economic conditions and financial markets may cause the purchasers of medical equipment to decrease their medical health insurance premiums and procurement activities. Economic uncertainty, an increase in unemployment rates, as well as an 
 23 

Table of Contents 

increase in health insurance premiums, co-payments and deductibles may result in cost-conscious consumers making fewer trips to their physicians and specialists, which in turn would adversely affect demand for our products and procedures. Furthermore, governments and other third-party payors around the world facing tightening budgets could move to further reduce the reimbursement rates or the scope of coverage offered, which could adversely affect sales of our products. 
 Our international sales are often denominated in foreign currencies, including the Euro, U.K. Pound and Chinese Yuan. Changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the increase in the value of the dollar against any such foreign currencies, may reduce the reported value of our revenues outside the U.S. and associated cash flows and our ability to compete effectively in foreign markets. In addition, such fluctuations can also result in foreign currency exchange losses. We cannot predict changes in currency exchange rates, the impact of exchange rate changes, nor the degree to which we will be able to manage the impact of currency exchange rate changes. We currently have limited hedging arrangements in place to mitigate some of the impact of negative exchange rates. 
 Our international operations and foreign acquisitions expose us to additional operational challenges that we might not otherwise face. 
 International expansion is a key component of our growth strategy. In fiscal 2024, 25.0 of our revenue came from outside of the U.S. Our future and existing international operations may subject us to a number of additional risks and expenses, any of which could harm our operating results. These risks and expenses include: 
 political and economic changes and disruptions, export/import controls and tariff regulations; 
 difficulties in developing staffing and simultaneously managing operations in multiple locations as a result of, among other things, distance, language and cultural differences; 
 governmental currency controls; 
 multiple, conflicting and changing government laws and regulations (including, among other things, antitrust and tax requirements); 
 protectionist laws and business practices that favor local companies; 
 difficulties in the collection of trade accounts receivable; 
 difficulties and expenses related to implementing internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 expenses associated with customizing products for clients in foreign countries; 
 possible adverse tax consequences; 
 the inability to obtain and maintain required regulatory approvals or favorable third-party reimbursement; 
 operation in parts of the world where strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices; 
 the inability to effectively obtain, maintain, protect or enforce intellectual property rights, reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries, and the inability to otherwise protect against clone or knock off products; 
 the lack of ability to enforce non-compete agreements with former owners of acquired businesses competing with us in China and other foreign countries; and 
 lower margins on a number of our products sold outside of the U.S. 
 In addition, government policies on international trade and investment such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs, whether adopted by individual governments or addressed by regional trade blocks, can affect cost of and the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell products in the affected countries. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, a government's adoption of buy national policies or retaliation by another government against such policies could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 Additionally, the regulatory environment in China continues to evolve, and officials in the Chinese government exercise broad discretion in deciding how to interpret and apply regulations. It is possible that the Chinese government s current or future interpretation and application of existing or new regulations will negatively impact our China operations, result in regulatory investigations or lead to fines or penalties. 
 CYBERSECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY 
 Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services and data. 
 Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, computer viruses, ransomware and phishing attacks and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks, as well as cybersecurity and other information technology failures resulting 
 24 

Table of Contents 

from human error and technological errors, pose a risk to the security of Hologic and its customers, business partners' and suppliers' products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data on these products, systems and networks. As the perpetrators of such attacks become more capable, as cybercrime becomes commoditized, and as critical infrastructure is increasingly becoming digitized, the risks in this area continue to grow. While we attempt to mitigate these risks, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats, and we cannot assure that the impact from such threats will not be material. Moreover, certain vulnerabilities are difficult to detect even using our best efforts, which may allow those vulnerabilities to persist in our systems over long periods of time. In addition to existing risks, flexible work arrangements, the adoption of new technologies such as artificial intelligence, and acquisitions of new businesses may also increase our exposure to cybersecurity breaches and failures. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may further heighten the risk of cyber-related attacks. It may also be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate the harm caused by a cyber-related incident. Such efforts may not be successful , and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. These factors may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. Additionally, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs implementing additional security measures to protect against existing and emerging cybersecurity threats. 
 We also have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations or customer-imposed controls. Despite our implementation of certain controls to protect our systems and sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to material security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, employee errors and/or malfeasance (including misappropriation by departing employees) that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks or those of our customers, business partners or suppliers, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. In addition, a cyber-related attack could result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, remediation or increased protection costs, litigation or regulatory action. While we carry cyber liability insurance, such insurance may not cover us with respect to any or all claims or costs associated with such a breach. Although we have experienced occasional cybersecurity incidents and/or attempted breaches of our computer systems, to date we do not believe any of these breaches have had a material effect on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Failure to comply with laws relating to the confidentiality of sensitive personal information or standards related to the transmission of electronic health data, may require us to make significant changes to our products, or incur penalties or other liabilities. 
 State, federal and foreign laws, such as the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, regulate the confidentiality of sensitive personal information and the circumstances under which such information may be released. These measures may govern the disclosure and use of personal and patient medical record information and may require users of such information to implement specified security measures, and to notify individuals in the event of privacy and security breaches. Evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products in a timely manner, either of which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Other health information standards, such as regulations under HIPAA, establish standards regarding electronic health data transmissions and transaction code set rules for specified electronic transactions, for example transactions involving submission of claims to third-party payors. These standards also continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. We have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant costs implementing additional security measures to protect against new or enhanced data security or privacy threats, or to comply with current and new federal, state and international laws governing the unauthorized disclosure or exfiltration of confidential and personal information which are continuously being enacted and proposed. Outside the U.S., we are impacted by privacy and data security requirements at the international, national and regional level, and on an industry specific basis. More privacy and security laws and regulations are being adopted, and more are being enforced, with potential for significant financial penalties. In the EU, increasingly stringent data protection and privacy rules have been enacted. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies uniformly across the EU and includes, among other things, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances. The GDPR also requires companies processing personal data of individuals residing in the EU to comply with EU privacy and data protection rules. Failure to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive personal information in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements, or to abide by electronic health data transmission standards, could expose us to breach of contract claims, fines and penalties, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. 
 BUSINESS CONTINUITY AND RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTIES 
 Supply Chain and Manufacturing 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures have had, and in the future, may have, a material adverse effect on our ability to procure raw materials and components, including semiconductor chips, and to meet customer demand for, and increase our costs to manufacture, warehouse, and transport, certain of our products. 
 Global supply constraints have had an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand, and increased our costs to manufacture, transport and warehouse a certain subset of our products. In particular, our ability to manufacture our Breast Health capital equipment products, primarily, but not limited to, our 3D Dimensions systems, Trident specimen radiography systems, Affirm Prone Biopsy systems and Brevera systems, is dependent on the supply of such raw materials and components, including semiconductor chips. If going forward we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, our ability to manufacture our capital equipment products, in particular, our Breast Health products, on a timely and cost-competitive basis could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations and harm our competitive position and reputation. 
 Our reliance on one third-party manufacturer for certain of our product lines and a limited number of suppliers for some key raw materials, components and subassemblies for our products exposes us to increased risks associated with production delays, delivery schedules, manufacturing capability, quality control, quality assurance and costs. 
 We have sole source third-party manufacturers for each of our Panther molecular diagnostics instruments and for our Skeletal Health products. Similarly, we rely on one or a limited number of suppliers for some key components or subassemblies for our products due to cost, quality, expertise or other considerations. We have no firm long-term volume commitments with certain of our sole source suppliers, including the manufacturers of our Panther instruments. Similarly, we rely on one or a limited number of suppliers for some key raw materials for our products due to cost, quality, expertise or other considerations, and some of these suppliers are competitors. For example, F. Hoffmann-LaRoche Ltd, a direct competitor of our Diagnostics business, is the parent company of Roche, our current supplier of certain key raw materials for certain of our amplified NAT diagnostic assays. GE Healthcare Bio-Sciences Corp., an affiliate of GE, supplies us with the membranes used in connection with our ThinPrep product line. GE is a direct competitor with our Breast Health and Skeletal Health businesses. Moreover, we use certain components in our products, including semiconductor chips, that have been the subject of global supply chain shortages and disruptions. If any of our sole source manufacturers or suppliers, or other third-party manufacturers or suppliers, experiences delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in its development or manufacturing operations or becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to supply us with goods in sufficient quantities, including as a result of disruptions caused by epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, supplier facility shutdowns, or otherwise, then shipments to our customers could be delayed, which would decrease our revenues and harm our competitive position and reputation. Moreover, the failure of a supplier to provide sufficient quantities, acceptable quality and timely delivery of goods at an acceptable price, or an interruption in the delivery of goods from such a supplier could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Obtaining alternative sources of supply of products, components, subassemblies or raw materials could involve significant delays and other costs and regulatory challenges and may not be available to us on reasonable terms, if at all. 
 We may in the future need to find new contract manufacturers or suppliers to replace existing manufacturers or suppliers, increase our volumes or reduce our costs. We may not be able to find contract manufacturers or suppliers that meet our needs, including regulatory requirements, and even if we do, the process of qualifying such alternative manufacturers and suppliers is often expensive and time consuming. As a result, we may lose revenues and our customer relationships may suffer. 
 Business Continuity 
 Interruptions, delays, shutdowns or damage at our manufacturing or laboratory facilities, or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, could harm our business. 
 In most cases, the manufacturing and warehousing of each of our products is concentrated in one or a few locations. In addition, we rely on a single laboratory facility to process each of our Biotheranostics gene expression tests for breast cancer. An interruption in manufacturing, testing capabilities or warehousing at any of these facilities, as a result of equipment failure, transportation interruptions, disruptions caused by strikes or other labor unrest, epidemics or pandemics, natural disaster, environmental factors or property damage could reduce, delay or prevent the production and distribution of our products. Our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers, suppliers, customers or third parties on which we depend are also subject to the risk of disruption or catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events, such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods or weather conditions, or other events outside of our control. Any such disruptions or other delays and cancellations of elective procedures and exams may cause reduced demand for our products. Our facilities may experience plant shutdowns, strikes or other labor disruptions, or periods of reduced production as a result of equipment failures, loss of power, gray outs, delays in deliveries or extensive damage, which could harm our business and prospects. Some of our manufacturing operations are located outside the U.S., including in Costa Rica and the United Kingdom. Those manufacturing operations are also subject to additional challenges and risks associated with international operations described herein. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have created and may in the future create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption in the markets we sell our products into and operate in, primarily the U.S., Europe, and Asia-Pacific and may negatively impact business and healthcare activity globally. The extent to which pandemics, disease outbreaks or a similar widespread health concern impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the speed and extent of geographic spread of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, travel restrictions, the efficacy of vaccination and treatment; delays and cancellations of elective procedures and exams; impact on the U.S. and international healthcare systems, the U.S. economy and worldwide economy; the timing, scope and effectiveness of U.S. and international governmental response; and the impact on the health, well-being and productivity of our employees. In addition, healthcare professional and staff strikes or other work stoppages may in the future cause reduced demand for our products. 
 CUSTOMER CONCENTRATION AND DISTRIBUTORS 
 Our Diagnostics segment depends on a small number of customers for a significant portion of its product sales, and the loss of any of these customers or any cancellation or delay of a large purchase by any of these customers could significantly reduce revenues in our Diagnostics segment. 
 Although we do not currently have any customers that represent more than 10 of our consolidated revenues, a material portion of product sales in our Diagnostics segment comes from (and we anticipate will continue to come from) a limited number of customers, two of which accounted for 12.8 and 10.1 of our Diagnostics segment revenue in fiscal 2024. No customer represented more than 10 of Diagnostics revenue in fiscal 2023 or 2022. The loss of any of these key customers, or a significant reduction in sales volume or pricing to these customers, could significantly reduce our Diagnostics segment revenues or profitability. 
 We utilize distributors for a portion of our sales, the loss of which could harm our revenues in the territory serviced by these distributors. 
 We rely on strategic relationships with a number of key distributors for sales and service of our products. If any of our strategic relationships terminate without replacement or if our strategic partners fail to perform their contractual obligations, our revenues and/or ability to service our products in the territories serviced by these distributors could be adversely affected. We do not control our distributors, and these parties may not be successful in marketing our products. These parties may fail to commit the necessary resources to market and sell our products to the level of our expectations. 
 If we elect to distribute new products directly, we will have to invest in additional sales and marketing resources, including additional field sales personnel, which would significantly increase future selling, general and administrative expenses. If we fail to successfully market our products, our product sales will decrease. We may also be exposed to risks as a result of transitioning a territory from a distributor sales model to a direct sales model, such as difficulties maintaining relationships with specific customers, hiring appropriately trained personnel or ensuring compliance with local product registration requirements, any of which could result in lower revenues than previously received from the distributor in that territory. 
 TALENT AND EMPLOYEE RETENTION 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain key personnel and plan for future executive transitions. 
 The loss of any of our key personnel, particularly executive management or key research and development personnel, could harm our business and prospects and could impede the achievement of our research and development, operational or strategic objectives. We also continue to face the challenges of maintaining employee well-being, recognizing that the continued additional financial, family and health burdens that many employees may be experiencing due to macroeconomic uncertainties, including inflation, and other factors, may adversely impact job performance and employee retention. Additionally, in our industry, there is substantial competition for key personnel in the regions in which we operate. We face intense competition for employees, particularly as employees are increasingly able to work remotely. Also, facilitating seamless leadership transitions for key positions is a critical factor in sustaining the success of our organization. If our succession planning efforts are not effective, it could adversely impact our business. We continue to assess the key personnel that we believe are essential to our long-term success. Future organizational changes could also cause our employee attrition rate to increase. If we fail to effectively manage any organizational and/or strategic changes, our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation, as well as our ability to successfully attract, motivate and retain key employees, could be harmed. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Our business is dependent on technologies we license, and if we fail to maintain these licenses or license new technologies and rights to particular nucleic acid sequences for targeted diseases in the future, we may be limited in our ability to develop new products. 
 Our business is dependent on licenses from third parties for some of our key technologies. For example, our patented TMA technology is based on technology we licensed from Stanford University. We anticipate that we will enter into new licensing arrangements in the ordinary course of business to expand our product portfolio and access new technologies to enhance our products and develop new products. Many of these licenses will provide us with exclusive rights to the subject technology or disease marker. If our license with respect to any of these technologies or markers is terminated for any reason, we may not be able to sell products that incorporate that technology. Similarly, we may lose competitive advantages if we fail to maintain exclusivity under an exclusive license. 
 Our ability to develop additional diagnostic tests for diseases may depend on the ability of third parties to discover particular sequences or markers and correlate them with disease, as well as the rate at which such discoveries are made. Our ability to design products that target these diseases may depend on our ability to obtain the necessary rights from the third parties that make any of these discoveries. In addition, there are a finite number of diseases and conditions for which our NAT diagnostic assays may be economically viable. If we are unable to access new technologies or the rights to particular sequences or markers necessary for additional diagnostic products on commercially reasonable terms, we may be limited in our ability to develop new diagnostic products. 
 Our products and manufacturing processes may require access to technologies and materials that may be subject to patents or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain the additional intellectual property rights necessary to commercialize our products. 
 Our business could be harmed if we are unable to protect our proprietary technology. 
 We have relied primarily on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks and confidentiality procedures to protect our products and technology. Despite these precautions, unauthorized third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property, or copy or reverse engineer portions of our technology. The pursuit and assertion of a patent right, particularly in areas like nucleic acid diagnostics and biotechnology, involve complex determinations and, therefore, are characterized by substantial uncertainty. We do not know if current or future patent applications will be issued with the full scope of the claims sought, if at all, or whether any patents that are issued will be challenged or invalidated. The patents that we own or license could also be subjected to invalidation proceedings or similar disputes, and an unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to the technology from the prevailing party. There is also a risk that intellectual property laws outside of the U.S. will not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as intellectual property laws in the U.S. Even if our proprietary information is protected by patents or otherwise, the initiation of actions to protect our proprietary information could be costly and divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel, and the outcome of such litigation is often uncertain. As a result of these uncertainties, we could also elect to forego such litigation or settle such litigation without fully enforcing our proprietary rights. In the absence of significant patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to copy our products, processes or technology. Additionally, rights provided by a patent are finite in time. Over the coming years, certain patents relating to current products will expire in the U.S. and abroad thus allowing third parties to utilize certain of our technologies. 
 Our business could be harmed if we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. 
 There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in medical devices, diagnostic products and related industries. We are and have been involved in patent litigation and may in the future be subject to further claims of infringement of intellectual property rights possessed by third parties. In connection with claims of patent infringement, we may seek to enter into settlement and/or licensing arrangements. There is a risk in these situations that no license will be available or that a license will not be available on reasonable terms. Alternatively, we may decide to litigate such claims or to design around the technology. These actions could be costly and would divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. As a result, any infringement claims by third parties or claims for indemnification by customers resulting from infringement claims, whether or not proven to be true, may harm our business and prospects. 
 INDEBTEDNESS 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness outstanding, which limits our operating flexibility, and could adversely affect our operations and financial results and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations . 
 28 

Table of Contents 

As of September 28, 2024, we had approximately 2.55 billion aggregate principal of indebtedness outstanding (exclusive of additional funds that would be available to draw under our revolver), and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. We also have other contractual obligations and deferred tax liabilities, which as of September 28, 2024, are described under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Income Taxes, and Non-cancelable Purchase Commitments. This significant level of indebtedness and our other obligations may: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including increases in interest rates; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, strategic transactions and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we participate; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, strategic transactions or other general corporate purposes. 
 In addition, the terms of our financing obligations contain certain covenants that restrict our ability, and that of our subsidiaries, to engage in certain transactions and may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions, including, among other things, limitations on our ability to: 
 incur indebtedness or issue certain preferred equity; 
 pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, or make other distributions or restricted payments; 
 make certain investments; 
 agree to payment restrictions affecting the restricted subsidiaries; 
 sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of assets, including equity interests of our subsidiaries; 
 enter into transactions with our affiliates; 
 create liens; 
 designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; 
 consolidate, merge or sell substantially all of our assets; and 
 use the proceeds of permitted sales of our assets. 
 Our credit facilities also require us to satisfy certain financial covenants. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by general economic conditions, political decisions, industry conditions and other events beyond our control. Our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our credit facilities, including financial covenants, could result in an event of default, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 If there were an event of default under one of our debt instruments or a change of control, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be due and payable immediately and may be cross-defaulted to other debt, including our outstanding notes. Our assets or cash flow may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default or a change of control, and there is no guarantee that we would be able to repay, refinance or restructure the payments on such debt. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service all of our indebtedness and other obligations. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures, strategic transactions and expansion efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and we cannot assure that future borrowings will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness as such indebtedness matures and to fund our other liquidity needs. If this occurs, we will need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may need to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying planned expenses and capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity or debt financing. These alternative strategies may not be effected on satisfactory terms, if at all. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, will depend on, among other things, our financial condition at the time, restrictions in agreements governing our indebtedness, and other factors, including the condition of the financial markets and the markets in which we compete. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and additional borrowings, refinancings or proceeds from asset sales are not available to us, we may not have sufficient cash to enable us to meet all of our obligations. 
 A significant portion of our indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates, which may expose us to higher interest payments. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

A significant portion of our indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates, which makes us more vulnerable in the event of adverse economic conditions, increases in prevailing interest rates, or a downturn in our business. As of September 28, 2024, approximately 1.2 billion aggregate principal of our indebtedness, which represented the outstanding principal under our credit facilities, was subject to floating interest rates. We currently have hedging arrangements (interest rate swaps) in place to partially mitigate the impact of higher interest rates. We have two consecutive interest rate swaps that will provide us with a continued hedge, in the notional amounts of 500 million, through September 25, 2026. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Provisions in our charter, bylaws, and indebtedness may have the effect of discouraging advantageous offers for our business or common stock and limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 
 Our charter, bylaws, and the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law include provisions that may have the effect of discouraging or preventing a change of control. Our indebtedness also contains provisions which either accelerate or require us to offer to repurchase the indebtedness at a premium upon a change of control. These provisions could limit the price that our stockholders might receive in the future for shares of our common stock. 
 Our stock price is volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile. We believe that a variety of factors could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate, perhaps substantially, including: 
 new, or changes in, recommendations, guidelines or studies that could affect the use of our products; 
 announcements and rumors of developments related to our business, including changes in reimbursement rates or regulatory requirements, proposed and completed acquisitions, or the industry in which we compete; 
 published studies and reports relating to the comparative efficacy of products and markets in which we participate; 
 quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results and order levels; 
 general conditions in the U.S. or worldwide economy; 
 our stock repurchase program; 
 announcements of technological innovations; 
 new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 
 developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and litigation; 
 developments in relationships with our customers and suppliers; 
 the implementation of healthcare reform legislation and the adoption of additional reform legislation in the future; and 
 the success or lack of success of integrating our acquisitions. 
 In addition, the stock market in general and the markets for shares of high-tech and life sciences companies, have historically experienced extreme price fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies. Any such fluctuations in the future could adversely affect the market price of our common stock, and the market price of our common stock may decline. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 We recognize the critical importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures designed to protect the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our business systems and information. We base our cybersecurity risk management program upon and measure it against the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework 2.0. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program includes the following: 
 A dedicated staff of cybersecurity and risk management professionals; 
 Defined security policies and standards; 
 Annual mandatory employee cybersecurity and privacy compliance awareness training; 
 Cybersecurity tooling for detecting and responding to cyber incidents; 
 Cybersecurity incident response and major crisis plans that govern activities such as detection, coordination, remediation, recovery, and escalation to senior management and, where appropriate, our Audit and Finance Committee and our Board; 
 Disaster recovery plans; 
 Periodic tabletop exercises to promote awareness and improve internal processes; 
 Periodic penetration testing and vulnerability management processes; and 
 Third-party risk assessments for suppliers and vendors, which may require such third parties to sign data processing agreements, comply with particular security controls, or complete an additional security and privacy assessment. 
 Our program also utilizes third-party security providers for specialized areas, including penetration testing, staff augmentation, consulting and other on-demand cybersecurity services. We also leverage a managed security service provider to augment our cybersecurity organization and to provide additional monitoring and response capabilities. 
 We have integrated cybersecurity related risks into our enterprise risk management program, which is designed to identify, prioritize, assess, monitor and mitigate the various risks confronting our Company, including both external and internal cybersecurity risks. When identified, risks are reported to relevant business and governance leaders within the Company for appropriate action. When potential improvements are identified, we weigh the costs and benefits of such improvements (including against other potential improvements) and, if selected, the improvements are added to a roadmap for possible implementation. 
 As a global company, we manage a variety of cybersecurity threats and cannot wholly eliminate the risk of adverse impacts from such incidents. Further, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. However, as of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of our operations or financial condition. For additional information on the risks from cybersecurity threats that we face, please refer to the Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. of this Form 10-K. 
 Governance 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program is led by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), who oversees a dedicated cybersecurity and risk management team, which works in partnership across the Company, under the direction of our Chief Information Officer (CIO). Our CISO has over 20 years of experience working in defense and cybersecurity and has served in various cybersecurity leadership roles within Fortune 500 companies. He and our cybersecurity team have extensive experience in leading and addressing IT risk management, security architecture and engineering, security operations, data security, and identity and access management. Our CISO also works closely with our legal team to oversee compliance with legal, regulatory and contractual security requirements. 
 
 As part of management s oversight of our cybersecurity program, we also maintain an executive-level cybersecurity steering committee, comprised of Hologic s Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Head of Internal Audit, Chief Information Officer, Head of Human Resources, Head of Global Supply Chain, and Division President of Breast and Skeletal Health, to help address cybersecurity risks at an enterprise level. The cybersecurity steering committee is a decision-making body that coordinates and communicates the direction, current state, and oversight of our cybersecurity and risk management programs. 
 While our Board oversees our overall risk management process, as part of its oversight, the Board has delegated primary responsibility for the oversight of cybersecurity risks, including management s steps to monitor and control such risks, to our Audit and Finance Committee. On a quarterly basis, our CIO and CISO provide updates to the Audit and Finance Committee on 
 31 

Table of Contents 

the cybersecurity and related risk management programs, including recent developments and current risk assessments. Our CIO and CISO typically also meet in person with the Audit and Finance Committee twice annually for a more detailed discussion of significant threats, risk mitigation strategies, any security program assessments and identified improvements. Additionally, our CIO and CISO meet at least annually with the full Board and report on the Company s Information Technology program and more specifically, cybersecurity matters. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We own and lease real estate property to support our business, including manufacturing, marketing, research and development, logistical support and administration. The following lists those properties that we own or lease that we believe are material to our business. We believe that we have adequate space for our anticipated needs and that suitable additional space will be available at commercially reasonable prices as needed. 
 Material Properties Owned: Primary Use Newark, DE Breast Health DirectRay digital detector research and development and plate manufacturing operations 
 Manchester, UK Administrative and supply chain operations Londonderry, NH Diagnostics manufacturing operations 
 San Diego, CA Diagnostics headquarters, including administrative and manufacturing operations San Diego, CA Diagnostics research and development, administrative and manufacturing operations 
 Material Properties Leased: Primary Use Lease Expiration (fiscal year) Renewals Marlborough, MA Headquarters, including research and development, manufacturing and distribution operations 2034 
 1, five-year period 
 Marlborough, MA Manufacturing operations 2029 None 
 Alajuela, Costa Rica Administrative and Surgical and Breast Health manufacturing facility 
 2028 2, five-year periods 
 Manchester, UK 
 Diagnostics manufacturing operations 
 2035 None 
 We also lease various administrative and customer support centers throughout the world including in Brussels, Belgium, Berlin, Germany, Madrid, Spain, United Kingdom and Shanghai and Beijing, China. In addition, we also lease space for smaller, specialized research and development and manufacturing operations at various additional locations, including Ougr e, Belgium. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion of legal matters as of September 28, 2024, please see Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements entitled Litigation and Related Matters, which is incorporated by reference into this item. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information . Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol HOLX. 
 Number of Holders . As of November 21, 2024, there were approximately 703 holders of record of our common stock, including multiple beneficial holders at depositories, banks and brokers listed as a single holder in the street name of each respective depository, bank or broker. 
 Dividend Policy . We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock, and we currently have no plans to do so. Our current policy is to retain all of our earnings to finance future growth (including acquisitions), pay down our existing indebtedness and repurchase our common stock. The existing covenants under certain of our credit facilities also place limits on our ability to issue dividends and repurchase stock. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. We did not sell unregistered securities during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 Issuer's Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period of Repurchase Total Number of Shares Purchased (#) (2) 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per Share 
 ) (2) 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs 
 (#) (2) 
 Maximum 
 Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under Our 
 Programs 
 (in millions) 
 ) (1)(2) 
 June 30, 2024 July 27, 2024 
 4,010 72.94 4,010 248.3 July 28, 2024 August 24, 2024 
 190,607 80.00 190,607 233.1 August 25, 2024 September 28, 2024 
 534,228 79.96 534,228 1,690.3 Total 728,845 79.93 728,845 1,690.3 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 (1) On September 12, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, with a five-year term, to repurchase up to 1.5 billion of the Company s outstanding stock. This new stock repurchase authorization is in addition to the Company s prior stock repurchase authorization. As of September 28, 2024, 1.5 billion remained unused under this program. 
 
 (2) On September 22, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, with a five-year term, to repurchase up to 1.0 billion of the Company s outstanding common stock, effective as of the close of trading on September 23, 2022. As of September 28, 2024, 190.3 million remained unused under this program. 
 
 These programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum number of shares. Under these programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. For additional information regarding the Company s repurchase programs, please see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following information shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC nor shall the information be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The following graph compares cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock since September 28, 2019 with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the S P Health Care Supplies Index. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on September 28, 2019 in our common stock. Measurement points are the last trading day of each respective fiscal year. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, the information described under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and our Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the outset of this Annual Report. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a developer, manufacturer and supplier of premium diagnostics products, medical imaging systems and surgical products focused on women's health and well-being through early detection and treatment. We sell and service our products through a combination of direct sales and service personnel and a network of independent distributors and sales representatives. We operate in four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. 
 Through our Diagnostics segment, we offer a wide range of diagnostic products, which are used primarily to aid in the screening and diagnosis of human diseases. Our primary Diagnostics products include our molecular diagnostic assays, which run on our advanced instrumentation systems (Panther and Panther Fusion), our ThinPrep cytology system, including our Genius Digital Diagnostics System, and the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test. Our Aptima family of molecular diagnostic assays is used to detect, among other things, the infectious microorganisms that cause common sexually transmitted diseases, or STDs, such as chlamydia and gonorrhea, or CT/NG; certain high-risk strains of human papillomavirus, or HPV; Trichomonas vaginalis , the parasite that causes trichomoniasis; Mycoplasma genitalium; and Herpes Simplex viruses 1 and 2. We also offer viral load tests for the quantitation of Hepatitis B virus, Hepatitis C virus, human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV-1, and human cytomegalovirus, or CMV, for use on our Panther instrument system. In addition, we offer bacterial vaginosis and candida vaginitis assays for the diagnosis of vaginitis, a common and complex ailment affecting millions of women a year. Our assay portfolio also includes diagnostic tests for a range of acute respiratory infections, including SARS-CoV-2, various strains of influenza and parainfluenza, and respiratory syncytial virus, as well as a test for the detection of Group B Streptococcus, or GBS, that are run on the Panther Fusion system, a field upgradeable instrument addition to the base Panther system. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we developed and launched the Aptima SARS-CoV-2 assay and the Aptima SARS-CoV-2/Flu assay (each of which runs on our standard Panther system) and the Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2 assay and the Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV assay (which run on our Panther Fusion system). In May 2022, we obtained CE-marking for two new molecular assays, Panther Fusion EBV Quant assay for quantitation of Epstein-Barr virus, and the Panther Fusion BKV Quant assay for quantitation of the BK virus. These two assays are the first quantitative real-time PCR assays on the Panther Fusion system, and, together with the Aptima CMV Quant assay, expand our menu of transplant monitoring assays. The ThinPrep System is primarily used in cytology applications, such as cervical cancer screening, and the Rapid Fetal Fibronectin Test assists physicians in assessing the risk of pre-term birth. We also generate service revenues from our CLIA-certified laboratory for testing related to breast cancer and all metastatic cancers. 
 Our Breast Health segment offers a broad portfolio of solutions for breast imaging, biopsy, breast surgery and pathology. These solutions include 3D digital mammography systems, image analysis software utilizing artificial intelligence, reading workstations, minimally invasive breast biopsy guidance systems, breast biopsy site markers, localization, and specimen radiology systems. Our most advanced breast imaging platforms, Selenia 3D Dimensions and 3Dimensions systems, utilize tomosynthesis to produce 3D images that show multiple contiguous slice images of the breast. 
 Our GYN Surgical products include our MyoSure hysteroscopic tissue removal system, our NovaSure endometrial ablation system, our Fluent fluid management system, our Acessa ProVu laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation system, as well as our CoolSeal vessel sealing portfolio and our JustRight surgical stapler. The MyoSure suite of devices offers four options to provide incision-less removal of fibroids, polyps, and other pathology within the uterus. The NovaSure portfolio is comprised of the NovaSure ADVANCED device and the NovaSure V5 device for the treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding. The Fluent and Fluent Pro fluid management system provides liquid distention during diagnostic and operative hysteroscopic procedures. The Acessa ProVu system is a fully integrated system that uses laparoscopic ultrasound, guidance mapping and radiofrequency ablation to treat nearly all types of fibroids. The CoolSeal portfolio includes the CoolSeal Trinity, CoolSeal Reveal, and CoolSeal Mini advanced bipolar vessel sealing devices. The JustRight 5 mm stapler features a smaller instrument profile and is used for laparoscopic general and pediatric surgery. 
 Our Skeletal Health segment's products include the Horizon DXA, a dual energy x-ray system, which evaluates bone density and performs body composition assessments, and the Fluoroscan Insight FD mini C-arm, which assists in performing minimally invasive orthopedic surgical procedures on a patient's extremities, such as the hand, wrist, knee, foot, and ankle. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, Hologic or our company refer to Hologic, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 The following sets forth a description of certain of our acquisitions and dispositions we have completed in our last two fiscal years: 
 Endomag 
 On July 25, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Endomagnetics Ltd Endomag for a purchase price of 313.9 million. Endomag, located in the U.K., develops and sells breast surgery localization and lymphatic tracing technologies. Based on our preliminary valuation, we allocated 197.8 million of the purchase price to the value of intangible assets and 138.9 million to goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price is preliminary as we continue to gather information supporting the acquired assets and liabilities. Endomag s results of operations are reported in our Breast Health segment. 
 SuperSonic Imagine Ultrasound Imaging 
 On September 28, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our SSI ultrasound imaging business to SSH Holdings Limited for a sales price of 1.9 million in cash. The sale was completed on October 3, 2023. We also agreed to provide certain transition services for up to one year, depending on the nature of the service. The SSI ultrasound imaging asset group met the criteria to be classified as assets held-for-sale in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result, we recorded a charge of 51.7 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 to record the asset group at its fair value less costs to sell pursuant to ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . 

36 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Product Revenues 
 Fiscal Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount of Total Revenue Amount of Total Revenue Amount Product Revenues Diagnostics 1,658.3 41.1 1,764.4 43.8 (106.1) (6.0) Breast Health 912.9 22.7 836.6 20.8 76.3 9.1 GYN Surgical 635.0 15.8 600.0 14.9 35.0 5.8 Skeletal Health 48.9 1.2 78.9 2.0 (30.0) (38.0) 3,255.1 80.8 3,279.9 81.4 (24.8) (0.8) 
 We had a decrease in product revenues of 0.8 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in Diagnostics revenue as a result of lower COVID-19 assay sales and to a lesser extent a decrease in Skeletal revenue. In addition, the prior year period included an extra week based on our fiscal calendar. Partially offsetting this decrease was an increase in Breast Health revenue as supply chain constraints continued to have a significant impact in the first quarter of the prior year and to a lesser extent an increase in our GYN Surgical business. 
 Diagnostics product revenues decreased 6.0 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in Molecular Diagnostics of 100.8 million. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease of 169.6 million in sales from our two SARS-CoV-2 assays due to lower volumes, which we primarily attribute to lower demand from an improvement in the COVID-19 pandemic and greater use of rapid tests compared to the prior year. We expect sales of our two SARS-CoV-2 assays to continue to decline in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024. In addition, we had a reduction in CT/GC revenue, primarily from slightly lower average selling prices, and a reduction in legacy Mobidiag products. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in volumes of our BV/CV assays, Fusion respiratory products and to a lesser extent an increase in Cytology instruments and related products in our international markets. 
 Breast Health product revenues increased 9.1 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in volumes of our digital mammography systems, primarily 3Dimensions systems and related workstation and workflow products including software, and to a lesser extent an increase in Trident systems unit sales. The increase in volume was primarily driven by the improvement in supply chain constraints related to electronic components which have substantially abated. In addition, we had an increase in sales of our interventional breast solutions products of 21.6 million in the current fiscal year compared to the prior fiscal year primarily driven by higher volumes of Brevera disposables and Somatex Tumark markers. To a lesser extent there was an increase in average selling prices of ATEC disposable products. In addition, the Endomag acquisition contributed an incremental 6.6 million in product revenue. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in sales of SSI ultrasound imaging products of 14.6 million in the current fiscal year compared to the prior fiscal year as a result of the sale of this business in the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2024, and a reduction in volumes of our Localizer consumables. 
 GYN Surgical product revenues increased 5.8 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to increases in the sales volume of our MyoSure devices and Fluent fluid management products, partially offset by lower volumes and average selling prices of our NovaSure devices in the U.S. The reduction of U.S. NovaSure devices was partially offset by an increase in volumes internationally, primarily in Western Europe. 
 Skeletal Health product revenues decreased 38.0 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in sales volume of our Horizon DXA systems as a temporary stop-ship was implemented during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 due to a non-conformance matter pertaining to electromagnetic compatibility requirements. We are working to resolve this issue with our suppliers and expect to resume shipments during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. To a lesser extent, we had a decrease in sales volumes of our Insight FD systems from competitive pressures. 
 At the end of any of our fiscal quarters and years, there remain open orders, primarily related to consumable products, that are not fulfilled until the beginning of the subsequent quarter or year, depending on a number of factors, including but not limited to management discretion to defer shipping orders based on achieving certain financial targets, customer ordering patterns, and various operational and logistical issues. The estimated annual effect of this over the last three fiscal years has been less than 0.5 of consolidated revenues. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Product revenues by geography as a percentage of total revenues were as follows: 
 Years Ended 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 United States 73.0 74.0 Europe 14.2 13.9 Asia-Pacific 6.8 6.6 Rest of World 
 6.0 5.5 100.0 100.0 
 The percentage of product revenue derived from the U.S. decreased, which we primarily attribute to the decrease in sales from our two SARS-CoV-2 assays and a decrease in sales volumes of our Horizon DXA systems. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in sales of our 3D Dimensions systems and related workflow products, and an increase in GYN Surgical sales in the U.S. The increase in Europe was primarily due to an increase in sales of our GYN Surgical products, specifically our MyoSure and NovaSure devices. The increase in Asia-Pacific was primarily due to an increase in sales of our 3D Dimensions systems and to a lesser extent 2D Dimensions systems, and ThinPrep Pap tests in China. We primarily attribute the increase in Rest of World due to an increase in sales of our MyoSure devices, BV/CV assays, Trident HD and Pathvision systems in Canada and an increase in sales of our 3D Dimensions systems in Latin America. 
 Service and Other Revenues 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount of Total Revenue Amount of Total Revenue Amount Service and Other Revenues 775.2 19.2 750.5 18.6 24.7 3.3 
 Service and other revenues are primarily comprised of revenue generated from our field service organization to provide ongoing service, installation and repair of our products. Service and other revenues increased 3.3 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in Breast Health service contract revenue from our expanded installed base, partially offset by a reduction in spare parts sales. In addition, we had higher lab testing volumes from our Biotheranostics business, which we primarily attribute to greater adoption of our Breast Cancer Index test. These increases were partially offset by one less week of service contract revenue as the prior fiscal year included an extra week of activity of approximately 7.9 million. 
 Cost of Product Revenues 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount of Product Sales Amount of Product Sales Amount Cost of Product Revenues 1,206.2 37.1 1,184.3 36.1 21.9 1.8 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 180.5 5.5 205.7 6.3 (25.2) (12.3) Impairment of Acquired Intangible Assets and Equipment 
 39.2 1.2 179.5 5.5 (140.3) 1,425.9 43.8 1,569.5 47.9 (143.6) (9.1) 
 Percentage not meaningful 
 Product gross margin was 56.2 in fiscal 2024 compared to 52.1 in fiscal 2023. 
 Cost of Product Revenues. The cost of product revenues as a percentage of product revenues was 37.1 in the current year compared to 36.1 in the prior year. Cost of product revenues as a percentage of revenue increased in fiscal 2024 primarily due to a decrease in sales of our SARS-CoV-2 assays, which have higher gross margins compared to our other Diagnostic products and comprised 2.4 and 7.6 of total product revenue in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Diagnostics' product costs as a percentage of revenue increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower sales of our SARS-CoV-2 assays, an increase in inventory reserves and higher field service costs for our expanded instrument installed base. Partially offsetting these increases was an increase in volumes of our Women s Health Aptima and Fusion respiratory assays and the shutdown of our Mobidiag manufacturing facility in early fiscal 2024 resulting in lower period costs in fiscal 2024. 
 Breast Health s product costs as a percentage of revenue decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher sales volumes of our higher margin products, primarily 3D Dimensions and related software products and a slight increase in average selling prices of our biopsy disposables as well as an increase in prices across multiple products in Europe. Also contributing to the decrease in product costs as a percentage of revenue was a decrease in inventory excess and obsolescence charges and freight costs partially offset by an increase in unfavorable manufacturing variances. 
 GYN Surgical s product costs as a percentage of revenue increased slightly in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to product mix of higher volumes of lower margin products, mostly attributable to sales of our Fluent fluid management systems, and lower volumes and average selling prices of our NovaSure devices, partially offset by an increase in MyoSure volumes. 
 Skeletal Health s product costs as a percentage of revenue increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to a 6.5 million charge recorded in the current year to repair certain Horizon DXA units in the field due to a non-conformance matter pertaining to electromagnetic compatibility requirements and to a lesser extent a decrease in volume of Horizon DXA systems due to the temporary stop-ship implemented during the third quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets. Amortization of intangible assets included in cost of product revenues relates to acquired developed technology, which is generally amortized over its estimated useful life of between 5 and 15 years using a straight-line method or, if reliably determinable, based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be consumed. Amortization expense decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower amortization as a result of an impairment in the prior year related to the Mobidiag acquisition, the disposition of the SSI ultrasound business as of the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2024 and the BioZorb impairments recorded in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2024. 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets and Equipment. During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, in connection with commencing our company-wide annual strategic planning process, we identified indicators of impairment in our BioZorb product line, which was part of the Focal acquisition and included in our Breast Health reportable segment. As a result, we performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis to determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the BioZorb product line over the remaining estimated useful life of the primary asset were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. Based on this analysis the undiscounted cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets. Therefore, we were required to perform Step 3 of the impairment test and determine the fair value of the asset group. To estimate the fair value of the asset group, we utilized the income approach, which is based on a discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis and calculated the fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to the asset group and then discounting the after-tax cash flows to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Based on this analysis, the fair value of the BioZorb asset group was below its carrying value and we recorded an aggregate impairment charge of 26.8 million. The impairment charge was allocated to the BioZorb long-lived assets, of which 25.9 million was allocated to developed technology. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, the Federal Drug Administration classified a prior safety notice for the BioZorb Marker as a Class I recall. This was a technical classification of a prior safety notice only, not a product removal. Following this, we lowered our forecast for this product line, which is an indicator of impairment. Accordingly, we performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis and determined the cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. We performed a fair value analysis and determined that the fair value of the asset group was immaterial. As a result, we recorded an impairment charge of 13.3 million to developed technology to fully write-off the asset. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, in connection with our company-wide annual budgeting and strategic planning process as well as evaluating the current operating performance of our Mobidiag business (included in the Diagnostics reportable segment), including product design and manufacturing requirements, we reassessed the short-term and long-term commercial plans for this business. We made certain operational and strategic decisions to invest and focus more on the long-term success of this business, which resulted in the significant reduction of forecasted revenues and operating results. As a result, we determined indicators of impairment existed and performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis to determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the Mobidiag business over the estimated remaining useful life of its primary asset were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. Based on this analysis the undiscounted cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets. As a result, we were required to perform Step 3 of the impairment test and determine the fair value of the asset group. To estimate the fair value of the asset group, we utilized the income approach, which is based on a DCF. Assumptions used in the DCF require significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount rates, growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. The forecasted cash flows were based on our most recent strategic plan at the time and for periods beyond the strategic plan, our estimates were based on assumed growth rates expected as of the measurement date. We believed the assumptions were consistent with the plans and estimates that a market participant would use to manage the business. The discount rate used was intended to reflect the risks inherent in future cash flow projections and was based on an estimate of the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) of market participants relative to the asset group. We used a discount rate of 17.0 . As a result of this analysis, the fair value of the Mobidiag asset group was below its carrying value. To record the asset group to fair value, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 186.9 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. The impairment charge was allocated to the long-lived assets on a pro-rata basis and 153.7 million of developed technology assets and 9.1 million of equipment was written off to cost of product revenues. We believed our assumptions used to determine the fair value of the asset group were reasonable. Actual operating results and the related cash flows of the asset group could differ from the estimated operating results and related cash flows. In the event the asset group does not meet its forecasted projections, additional impairment charges could be recorded in the future. 
 
 In addition to the impairment charges discussed above, during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we also identified indicators of impairment related to our SSI ultrasound imaging business (included in the Breast Health reportable segment). We determined that the fair value of this asset group was approximately zero and the carrying value of the long-lived assets was fully impaired. As a result, we recorded an impairment charge of 26.4 million. The impairment charge was allocated to the long-lived assets and 16.7 million of developed technology assets were written off to cost of product revenues. 
 Cost of Service and Other Revenues 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount of Service and Other Revenues Amount of Service and Other Revenues Amount Cost of Service and Other Revenues 376.6 48.6 389.4 51.9 (12.8) (3.3) 
 Service and other revenues gross margin was 51.4 in fiscal 2024 compared to 48.1 in fiscal 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to an increase in lab testing revenue from our Biotheranostics business, which has higher margins than our legacy service business. Additionally, there was a decrease in service department costs related to the extra week in the prior fiscal year and to a lesser extent a decrease in spare parts sales in Breast Health, which have lower gross margins. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount of Total Revenue Amount of Total Revenue Amount Operating Expenses Research and development 272.8 6.8 294.3 7.3 (21.5) (7.3) Selling and marketing 585.4 14.5 595.2 14.8 (9.8) (1.6) General and administrative 409.4 10.2 392.4 9.7 17.0 4.3 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 29.2 0.7 28.1 0.7 1.1 3.9 Impairment of intangible assets and equipment 
 5.6 0.1 44.3 1.1 (38.7) Contingent consideration fair value adjustments 
 1.7 (14.9) (0.4) 16.6 (111.4) Loss on assets held-for-sale 
 51.7 1.3 (51.7) Restructuring charges 
 41.1 1.0 12.0 0.3 29.1 242.5 1,345.2 33.3 1,403.1 34.8 (57.9) (4.1) 
 Percentage not meaningful 
 Research and Development Expenses. Research and development expenses decreased 7.3 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in compensation and benefits from lower headcount, primarily in Breast Health and Diagnostics, a decrease in project spend, and the elimination of expenses from our SSI ultrasound business of 11.3 million as a result of its divestiture. To a lesser extent, in the current fiscal year, expenses were lower as the prior year period included an extra week of expenses. These decreases were partially offset by a 10.0 million charge related to the purchase of intellectual property to be used in a development project in Diagnostics that has no future alternative use and a decrease in credits of 7.1 million for funds received from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) grant to obtain FDA approval of our SARS-CoV-2 in the current fiscal year compared to the prior fiscal year. At any point in time, we have a number of different research projects and clinical trials being conducted and the timing of these projects and related costs can vary from period to period. 
 Selling and Marketing Expenses. Selling and marketing expenses decreased 1.6 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower spending on advertising and marketing initiatives, primarily from our sponsorship of the Women s Tennis Association, the elimination of expenses from our SSI ultrasound business of 6.4 million and lower travel expenses partially offset by an increase in compensation from higher headcount internationally as well as incremental expense of 3.0 million from the Endomag acquisition. In addition, the current fiscal year expenses were lower as the prior fiscal year included an extra week of activity. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses increased 4.3 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in compensation and benefits from higher expense from our deferred compensation plan driven by stock market gains, higher salaries from an increase in headcount, an increase in acquisition transaction costs, and an increase in legal expenses related to the BioZorb litigation and other projects as well as the prior fiscal year included a benefit of 7.4 million from a settlement awarded in the Minerva litigation. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 10.0 million in charitable contributions, an 8.9 million charge recorded in the prior fiscal year for a dispute in connection with terminating the Mobidiag joint venture agreement in China, the elimination of expenses from our SSI ultrasound business of 4.3 million, and lower expenses from one less week of activity. 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets. Amortization of acquired intangible assets primarily results from customer relationships and trade names related to our acquisitions. These intangible assets are generally amortized over their estimated useful lives of between 5 and 30 years using a straight-line method or, if reliably determinable, based on the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be consumed utilizing expected undiscounted future cash flows. Amortization expense increased 3.9 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to accelerated amortization of customer relationship and trade name intangible assets acquired in the Mobidiag acquisition. 
 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets and Equipment. During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, as discussed above, we recorded an impairment charge of 26.8 million related to our BioZorb product line of which 0.9 million was allocated to trade 
 41 

Table of Contents 

names. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, as discussed above, we recorded an additional impairment charge related to our BioZorb product line of 13.7 million of which 0.4 million was allocated to trade names. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, as discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, we recorded an impairment charge of 4.3 million to record our only IPR D asset from the Mobidiag acquisition to fair value. The reduction in fair value was primarily due to a reduction in forecasted revenues and an extension in the timing of completing the project. 
 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, as discussed above, we recorded an aggregate impairment charge of 197.4 million related to our Mobidiag acquisition and 26.4 million related to our SSI ultrasound imaging assets. The impairment charges were allocated to the long-lived assets and written off to operating expenses as follows: Mobidiag - 10.5 million to IPR D, 10.4 million to customer relationships, 10.7 million to trade names, and 3.0 million to equipment; Ultrasound Imaging - 2.4 million to customer relationships, 1.7 million to trade names, and 5.6 million to equipment. 
 Contingent Consideration Fair Value Adjustments. In connection with the acquisition of Acessa Health Inc., or Acessa, we were obligated to make contingent earn-out payments based on achieving incremental revenue growth over a three-year period ending annually in December of each of 2021, 2022, and 2023. As of the acquisition date, we recorded a contingent consideration liability for the estimated fair value of the amount we expected to pay to the former shareholders of the acquired business. In the current year, the third and final measurement period was completed, and we recorded a loss of 1.7 million to increase the contingent consideration liability to fair value based on actual revenue results in the final earn-out period. In fiscal 2023, we recorded a gain of 14.9 million to record the liability at its fair value. This reduction in fair value was primarily due to a decrease in forecasted revenues over the remaining measurement period at that time. 
 Loss on Assets Held-For-Sale. In the prior fiscal year, we recorded a charge of 51.7 million related to our SSI ultrasound imaging assets to record the asset group to fair value less the costs to sell. For additional information, please refer to Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Restructuring Charges. We have implemented various cost reduction initiatives to align our cost structure with our operations and related integration activities. These actions have primarily resulted in the termination of employees and the shutdown of certain facilities. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we further refined our strategy for the Mobidiag business and decided to discontinue the manufacture and sale of certain products. This decision resulted in the closure of facilities in Finland and France and moving the development activities and operations to our San Diego, California location. As a result, we recorded impairment charges, accelerated depreciation and severance benefits totaling 31.6 million in fiscal 2024. For additional information, please refer to Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Interest Income 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Interest Income 
 108.7 120.5 (11.8) (9.8) 
 Interest income in fiscal 2024 decreased compared to fiscal 2023 due to lower average cash and investment balances in the current year compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher interest rates in the current year as the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the Federal Funds Rate throughout the majority of our fiscal 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Interest Expense (122.1) (111.1) (11.0) 9.9 
 Interest expense in fiscal 2024 and 2023 primarily consisted of the cash interest costs and the related amortization of the debt discount and deferred issuance costs on our outstanding debt. Interest expense increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the increase in the variable interest rate under our 2021 Credit Agreement and a decrease in amounts received under our interest rate swap agreements primarily due to a decrease in our overall hedged principal amount from 1.0 billion to 500 million and an increase in the fixed rate under those agreements. These decreases were partially offset by a lower principal balance outstanding under our 2021 Credit Agreement as we voluntarily prepaid 250.0 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Other Income (Expense), net 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Other Income (Expense), net (4.1) (1.7) (2.4) 141.2 
 In fiscal 2024, this account primarily consisted of net foreign currency exchange losses of 21.0 million, primarily from the mark-to-market of foreign currency contracts used to hedge operating results and to a lesser extent losses of 3.6 million from our Maverix strategic investment that is accounted for under the equity method, partially offset by a gain of 14.9 million from the change in cash surrender value of life insurance contracts related to our deferred compensation plan driven by stock market gains and a gain of 6.3 million from a change in control provision related to a license agreement. 
 In fiscal 2023, this account primarily consisted of net foreign currency exchange losses of 7.9 million, primarily from the mark-to-market of foreign currency contracts used to hedge operating results, partially offset by a gain of 5.6 million from the change in cash surrender value of life insurance contracts related to our deferred compensation plan driven by stock market gains. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Provision for Income Taxes 75.6 220.1 (144.5) (65.7) 
 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was a provision of 8.7 . The effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to a one-time tax benefit of 107.2 million related to a worthless stock deduction on an investment in one of our international subsidiaries recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income, the geographic mix of income earned by the Company s international subsidiaries, and federal and state tax credits. 
 Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was a provision of 32.6 . The effective tax rate was higher than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the tax effect of the SSI ultrasound imaging assets-held-for-sale charge, income tax reserves, the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion, and state income taxes, partially offset by the impact of the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income, and the geographic mix of income earned by our international subsidiaries. 
 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 We operate in four segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical, and Skeletal Health. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the footnotes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Item 15 of this Annual Report. We measure segment performance based on total revenues and operating income (loss). Revenues from product sales of each of these segments are described in further detail above. The discussion that follows is a summary analysis of total revenues and the primary changes in operating income or loss by segment. 
 Diagnostics 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Total Revenues 1,782.0 1,880.1 (98.1) (5.2) Operating Income 303.1 193.9 109.2 56.3 Operating Income as a of Segment Revenue 17.0 10.3 
 Diagnostics revenues decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the decrease in product revenues discussed above, partially offset by higher lab testing revenue from our Biotheranostics business. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Operating income for this business segment increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in gross profit and a decrease in operating expenses. Gross margin was 52.7 in the current year compared to 44.7 in the prior year. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the prior year period included an impairment charge of 162.8 million related to Mobidiag, lower intangible asset amortization expense, lower manufacturing costs from the shut-down of the Mobidiag Finland facility, an increase in sales volume of Women s Health Aptima and Fusion assays and an increase in Biotheranostics lab testing revenue, which has higher gross margins. These increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes of our SARS-CoV-2 assays, which have a higher gross margin than our core products. 
 Operating expenses decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 as the prior year period included impairment charges of 34.6 million related to Mobidiag and a charge of 8.9 million related to the termination of the Mobidiag joint venture in China as well as an additional week of expenses. In addition, in the current year, we had lower marketing initiatives, R D project spend, and allocated charitable contributions partially offset by a decrease in BARDA credits of 7.1 million and an increase in restructuring charges of 31.2 million primarily related to Mobidiag. 
 Breast Health 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Total Revenues 1,522.9 1,432.7 90.2 6.3 Operating Income 394.5 273.0 121.5 44.5 Operating Income as a of Segment Revenue 25.9 19.1 
 Breast Health revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primari ly due to an increase in product and service revenue discussed above. 
 Operating income for this business segment increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in gross profit from both an increase in product sales and services and a decrease in operating expenses. Gross margin remained flat at 54.8 in the current year compared to the prior year. Product margin increased primarily due to an increase in sales of 3D Dimensions systems, which have a higher gross margin, lower intangible asset amortization, a slight increase in average selling prices of our biopsy disposables, as well as an increase in prices across multiple products in Europe. Service margin increased from the continued conversion of digital mammography systems to service contracts. Offsetting these improvements to margin was an increase in impairment charges of 22.5 million, as charges related to our BioZorb asset group of 39.2 million that were included in cost of revenues exceeded impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2023 related to the SSI ultrasound imaging business. 
 Opera ting expenses decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the prior year period included charges related to the SSI ultrasound imaging business comprised of a loss on assets-held-for-sale of 51.7 million and intangible asset impairment charges of 9.7 million as well as lower operating expenses of 22.1 million from the SSI divestiture. Partially offsetting these decreases was incremental operating expenses of 5.9 million from Endomag, and an increase in acquisition expenses, litigation, and commissions from higher sales, partially offset by lower compensation from headcount reductions in R D, and a reduction in marketing initiatives, research and development project spend, and allocated charitable contributions. 
 GYN Surgical 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Total Revenues 641.3 604.2 37.1 6.1 Operating Income 185.5 188.9 (3.4) (1.8) Operating Income as a of Segment Revenue 28.9 31.3 
 GYN Surgical revenues increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 due to the increase in product revenues discussed above. 
 Operating income for this business se gment decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in operating expenses partially offset by an increase in gross profit. Gross margin was 67.3 in the current year, compared to 67.7 in the prior year. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to product mix of higher volumes of lower margin 
 44 

Table of Contents 

products, mostly attributable to sales of our Fluent fluid management systems, lower volumes of our NovaSure devices and unfavorable manufacturing variances partially offset by an increase in volume of our MyoSure devices. 
 Operating expen ses increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the prior year period included a gain of 14.9 million to decrease the Acessa contingent consideration liability to fair value and a 7.4 million settlement awarded to us in the Minerva litigation. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in commissions expense and research and development project spend. 
 Skeletal Health 
 Years Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Amount Amount Amount Total Revenues 84.1 113.4 (29.3) (25.8) Operating Income (Loss) 
 (0.5) 12.6 (13.1) 104.0 Operating Income (Loss) as a of Segment Revenue 
 (0.6) 11.1 
 Skeletal Health revenues decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the decrease in product revenues discussed above. 
 Operating income decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in gross profit. Gross margin was 28.0 in the current year compared to 32.2 in the prior year. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to a 6.5 million charge recorded in the current fiscal year to repair certain Horizon DXA units in the field due to a non-conformance matter pertaining to electromagnetic compatibility requirements and to a lesser extent a decrease in volume of Horizon DXA systems due to the temporary stop-ship implemented during the third quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 Operating expenses were consistent in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 24, 2022 
 Discussions of year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and 2022 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 At September 28, 2024, we had working capital of 2,786.1 million, and our cash and cash equivalents totaled 2,160.2 million. Our cash and cash equivalents balance decreased by 595.5 million during fiscal 2024 principally due to cash used in investing and financing activities primarily related to repurchases of our common stock, debt payments, purchases of available-for-sale securities and a payment made to acquire Endomag, partially offset by cash generated from operating activities. 
 In fiscal 2024, our operating activities provided cash of 1,285.2 million, primarily due to net income of 789.5 million, non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization aggregating 309.0 million, stock-based compensation expense of 82.3 million, intangible asset impairment charges of 44.8 million, and other adjustments and non-cash items of 45.9 million. These adjustments to net income were partially offset by a decrease in net deferred taxes of 72.1 million primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets and to a lesser extent the capitalization of research expenditures under the tax rules. Cash provided by operations included a net cash inflow of 84.1 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The net cash inflow was primarily driven by a decrease in accounts receivable of 41.0 million primarily related to strong cash collections as we experienced an improvement in days sales outstanding by five days in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year period, an increase in accrued expenses of 73.4 million primarily due to an increase in deferred compensation, employee commissions and benefits, an increase in accounts payable of 22.2 million primarily due to the timing of payments and an increase in deferred revenue of 9.3 million primarily due to billings for annual service contracts under our expanded installed base of digital mammography systems. These cash inflows were partially offset by an increase in prepaid income taxes of 21.7 million primarily due to the timing of tax payments relative to the provision for income taxes and an increase in inventory of 47.4 million to meet expected demand across our primary product lines, the build of Breast Health capital equipment prior to the transfer of manufacturing to Newark, and an increase in Skeletal Health Horizon systems and components as a result of the current stop-ship for nonconformance issues. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

In fiscal 2024, our investing activities used cash of 781.0 million primarily due to a payment of 297.3 million to acquire Endomag in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, purchases of available-for-sale securities of 267.7 million, capital expenditures of 130.2 million, which primarily consisted of the placement of equipment under customer usage agreements and purchase of manufacturing equipment and building improvements at our Newark and San Diego facilities, 42.5 million for strategic investments and a net payment of 31.1 million related to the sale of our SSI ultrasound imaging business. 
 In fiscal 2024, our financing activities used cash of 1,108.6 million, primarily due to 835.1 million for repurchases of our common stock, including a 500 million accelerated share repurchase program, 287.5 million for debt principal payments under our 2021 Credit Agreement, including a 250.0 million voluntary prepayment, and 17.4 million for the payment of employee taxes withheld for the net share settlement of vested restricted stock units. Partially offsetting these uses of cash was 37.8 million from our equity plans from the exercise of stock options and issuance of shares under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 Debt 
 We had total recorded debt outstanding of 2.53 billion at September 28, 2024, which was comprised of amounts outstanding under our 2021 Credit Agreement of 1.20 billion (principal of 1.20 billion), 2029 Senior Notes of 940.8 million (principal of 950.0 million), and 2028 Senior Notes of 397.6 million (principal of 400.0 million). 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 On September 27, 2021, we refinanced our existing term loan and revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and certain other lenders from time to time party thereto (the 2018 Credit Agreement by entering into Refinancing Amendment (the 2021 Credit Agreement ). Borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement are secured by first-priority liens on, and a first priority security interest in, substantially all of our and our Subsidiary Guarantors U.S. assets. The credit facilities (the 2021 Credit Facilities under the 2021 Credit Agreement consist of: 
 A 1.5 billion secured term loan 2021 Term Loan with a stated maturity date of September 25, 2026; and 
 A secured revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolver under which the Borrowers may borrow up to 2.0 billion, subject to certain sublimits, with a stated maturity date of September 25, 2026. 
 As of September 28, 2024, there were no borrowings under the 2021 Revolver. 
 Borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement, other than Swing Line Loans, bear interest, at our option, at the Base Rate, at the Term SOFR Rate, at the Alternative Currency Daily Rate, or at the Daily SOFR Rate, in each case plus the Applicable Rate. 
 The Applicable Rate in regard to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the Alternative Currency Daily Rate, the Alternative Currency Term Rate and the Daily SOFR Rate is subject to change depending on the Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement). As of September 28, 2024, the interest rate under the 2021 Term Loan was 5.96 per annum. 
 We are required to make scheduled principal payments under the 2021 Term Loan in increasing amounts, which currently range from 9.375 million per three-month period to 18.75 million per three-month period commencing with the three-month period ending on December 26, 2025. The remaining scheduled balance of 1.085 billion (or such lesser aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding) on the 2021 Term Loan and any amounts outstanding under the 2021 Revolver are due at their respective maturities. In addition, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2021 Credit Agreement, we may be required to make certain mandatory prepayments from the net proceeds of specified types of asset sales (subject to certain reinvestment rights), debt issuances (excluding permitted debt) and insurance recoveries (subject to certain reinvestment rights). Certain of the mandatory prepayments are subject to reduction or elimination if certain financial covenants are met. Subject to certain limitations, we may voluntarily prepay any of the 2021 Credit Facilities without premium or penalty. As of September 28, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of the 2021 Term Loan was 1.2 billion. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants customarily applicable to senior secured credit facilities including the requirement we maintain two financial covenants (a total net leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio) measured as of the last day of each quarter for the previous twelve-month period. As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

2028 Senior Notes 
 The total aggregate principal balance of the 2028 Senior Notes is 400.0 million. The 2028 Senior Notes are general senior unsecured obligations and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of our domestic subsidiaries. The 2028 Senior Notes mature on February 1, 2028 and bear interest at the rate of 4.625 per year, payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year. We have the option to redeem the 2028 Senior Notes on or after: February 1, 2024 through February 1, 2025 at 101.541 of par; February 1, 2025 through February 1, 2026 at 100.770 of par; and February 1, 2026 and thereafter at 100 of par. In addition, if there is a change of control coupled with a decline in ratings, as provided in the indenture, we will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder s 2028 Senior Notes at a price equal to 101 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date. 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 The total aggregate principal balance of the 2029 Senior Notes is 950.0 million. The 2029 Senior Notes are general senior unsecured obligations and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain domestic subsidiaries. The 2029 Senior Notes mature on February 15, 2029 and bear interest at the rate of 3.250 per year, payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year. We have the option to redeem the 2029 Senior Notes on or after: September 28, 2024 through September 27, 2025 at 100.813 of par; and September 28, 2025 and thereafter at 100 of par. In addition, if there is a change of control coupled with a decline in ratings, as provided in the indenture, we will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder s 2029 Senior Notes at a price equal to 101 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date. 
 Acquisition 
 On October 11, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Gynesonics, Inc. Gynesonics for a purchase price of approximately 350.0 million, subject to working capital and other customary adjustments. Gynesonics, located in Redwood, California, develops a technology intended for diagnostic intrauterine imaging and transcervical treatment of certain symptomatic uterine fibroids, including those associated with heavy menstrual bleeding. Completion of the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. Gynesonics will be included in the GYN Surgical reportable segment. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On September 22, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program, with a five-year term, to repurchase up to 1.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. As of September 28, 2024, 190.3 million remained authorized for repurchase. Subsequent to September 28, 2024, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of our common stock for total consideration of 217.2 million. 
 On September 12, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program, with a five-year term, to repurchase up to 1.5 billion of our outstanding stock. This new stock repurchase authorization is in addition to the Company s prior stock repurchase authorization. As of September 28, 2024, the entire authorization remained unused. 
 On November 19, 2024, we executed an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement with JPMorgan Chase Co., JP Morgan pursuant to which we agreed to repurchase 250 million of our common stock. In connection with the launch of the ASR, on November 20, 2024, we paid JP Morgan an aggregate of 250 million and received approximately 2.5 million shares of our common stock, representing 80 of the transaction value based on our closing share price on November 18, 2024. The final number of shares to be received under the ASR agreement will be determined upon completion of the transaction and will be based on the total transaction value and the volume-weighted average share price of our common stock during the term of the transaction. Final settlement of the transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 The timing of any future share repurchases will be based upon our continuing analysis of market, financial, and other factors. Repurchases under the authorized share repurchase program may be made using a variety of methods, which may include, but are not limited to, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase agreements, or purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan under the Exchange Act. The authorized share repurchase program may be suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time. 
 Future Liquidity Considerations 
 We expect to continue to review and evaluate potential strategic transactions that we believe will complement our current or future business. Subject to the Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and the general disclaimers set forth in our Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the outset of this Annual Report, we believe that our 
 47 

Table of Contents 

cash and cash equivalents, short and long-term investments, cash flows from operations, and the cash available under our 2021 Revolver will provide us with sufficient funds in order to fund our existing commitments and our expected normal operations and debt payments over the next twelve months. Our longer-term liquidity is contingent upon future operating performance. We may also require additional capital in the future to fund capital expenditures, repayment of debt, acquisitions, strategic transactions or other investments. As described above, we have significant indebtedness outstanding under our 2021 Credit Agreement, 2028 Senior Notes, and 2029 Senior Notes. These capital requirements could be substantial. Our operating performance may also be affected by matters discussed under the above-referenced Risk Factors set forth elsewhere in this report. These risks, trends and uncertainties may also adversely affect our long-term liquidity. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and claims. In connection with these legal proceedings and claims, management periodically reviews estimates of potential costs to be incurred by us in connection with the adjudication or settlement, if any, of these proceedings. These estimates are developed, as applicable in consultation with outside counsel, and are based on an analysis of potential litigation outcomes and settlement strategies. In accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies , loss contingencies are accrued if, in the opinion of management, an adverse outcome is probable and such financial outcome can be reasonably estimated. It is possible that future results for any particular quarter or annual period may be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. 
 Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, of a magnitude that we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition for multiple element arrangements, allowance for doubtful accounts, reserves for excess and obsolete inventories, valuations, purchase price allocations and contingent consideration related to business combinations, expected future cash flows including growth rates, discount rates, terminal values and other assumptions used to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets and goodwill, estimated fair values of intangible assets and goodwill, amortization methods and periods, warranty reserves, certain accrued expenses, restructuring and other related charges, stock-based compensation, contingent liabilities, tax reserves and the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. Any differences may have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The following is a discussion of what we believe to be the more significant critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Inventory 
 Our inventories include material, labor and overhead, and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value. As a developer and manufacturer of high technology medical equipment, diagnostic test kits, and disposable surgical devices, we may be exposed to a number of economic and industry factors that could result in portions of our inventory becoming either obsolete or in excess of anticipated usage. Our policy is to establish inventory reserves when conditions exist that suggest that our inventory may be in excess of anticipated demand or is obsolete based upon our assumptions about future demand for our products and market conditions. Although considerable effort is made to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or expected usage could have a significant negative impact on the value of our inventory and our operating results. 
 Business Combinations 
 We record tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations under the purchase method of accounting. Amounts paid for each acquisition are allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the dates of acquisition. Contingent consideration, which is not deemed to be linked to continuing employment, is recorded at fair value measured on the date of acquisition using an appropriate valuation model, such as the 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Monte Carlo simulation model. The value recorded is based on estimates of future financial projections under various potential scenarios, in which the model runs many simulations based on comparable companies growth rates and their implied volatility. These cash flow projections are discounted with a risk adjusted rate. Each quarter until such contingent amounts are earned, the fair value of the liability is remeasured at each reporting period and adjusted as a component of operating expenses based on changes to the underlying assumptions. The estimates used to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration liability are subject to significant judgment, specifically projected revenues, and given the inherent uncertainties in making these estimates, actual results are likely to differ from the amounts originally recorded and could be materially different. 
 The fair value of identifiable intangible assets is based on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management s best estimate of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. We allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed to goodwill. 
 We generally use the income approach in which cash flow projections on an after-tax basis are discounted using a risk adjusted rate to determine the estimated fair value of certain identifiable intangible assets including developed technology, in-process research and development projects, customer relationships, and trade names. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of intangible assets include discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results, specifically revenue growth rates. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 Goodwill 
 We test goodwill at the reporting unit level for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events and circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Events that could indicate impairment and trigger an interim impairment assessment include, but are not limited to, current economic and market conditions, including a decline in market capitalization, a significant adverse change in legal factors, business climate, operational performance of the business or key personnel, and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. Our annual impairment test date is the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter. 
 In performing the test, we either use the qualitative assessment permitted by ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, or the single step quantitative approach prescribed under ASC 350 including amendments under ASU 2017-04. Under the qualitative approach we consider a number of factors, including the amount by which the previous quantitative test's fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting units, the forecasts in our then-current strategic plan compared to the forecasts in the previous quantitative test, an evaluation of discount rates, long-term growth rates including the terminal year rate, if tax rates would have significantly changed, an evaluation of current economic factors for both the worldwide economy and specifically the medical device industry, and any significant changes in customer and supplier relationships. We weigh these factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. If after performing a qualitative assessment, indicators are present, or we identify factors that cause us to believe it is appropriate to perform a more precise calculation of fair value, we would move beyond the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test. 
 Under the quantitative impairment test, we perform a comparison of the reporting unit s carrying value to its fair value. We consider a number of factors to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, including an independent valuation to conduct this test. The valuation is based upon expected future discounted operating cash flows of the reporting unit as well as analysis of recent sales and ratio comparisons of similar companies. We base the discount rate on the weighted average cost of capital, or WACC, of market participants. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we apply the single step approach under ASU 2017-04. As a result of this simplified approach the goodwill impairment is calculated as the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value to the extent of the goodwill balance. 
 We conducted our fiscal 2024 annual impairment test on the first day of the fourth quarter and utilized the quantitative approach. We used discounted cash flow analyses, or DCF, and market approaches to estimate the fair value of our reporting units as of June 30, 2024 and ultimately used the fair value determined by the DCF in making our impairment test conclusions. We believe we used reasonable estimates and assumptions about future revenue, cost projections, cash flows, discount rates and market multiple as of the measurement date. As a result of completing this analysis, all of our reporting units had fair values exceeding their carrying values. 
 At September 28, 2024, we believe that our reporting units, with goodwill aggregating 3.4 billion, were not at risk of failing the goodwill impairment test based on our current forecasts and qualitative assessment. 
 Since the fair value of our reporting units was determined by use of the DCF, and the key assumptions that drive the fair value in this model are the WACC, terminal values, growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, 
 49 

Table of Contents 

significant judgment is applied in determining fair value. If the current economic environment were to deteriorate, this would likely result in a higher WACC because market participants would require a higher rate of return. In the DCF as the WACC increases, the fair value decreases. The other significant factor in the DCF is our projected financial information (i.e., amount and timing of expected future cash flows and growth rates) and if these assumptions were to be adversely impacted, this could result in a reduction of the fair value of a reporting unit. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and stated net of accumulated amortization and impairments. We amortize intangible assets that have finite lives using either the straight-line method, or if reliably determinable, based on the pattern in which the economic benefit of the asset is expected to be utilized. We evaluate the recoverability of our definite lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances or business conditions indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable based on expectations of future undiscounted cash flows for each asset group. If the carrying value of an asset or asset group exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, we estimate the fair value of the assets, generally utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis based on the present value of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the assets using a risk-adjusted discount rate. To estimate the fair value of the assets, the Company uses market participant assumptions pursuant to ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements . 
 Indefinite lived intangible assets, such as IPR D assets, are initially recorded at fair value and are required to be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present. The Company s annual impairment test date is as of the first day of its fourth quarter. We estimate the fair value of IPR D assets utilizing a DCF and key assumptions are revenue growth rates, timing of completion of the project, costs to complete the project and discount rates. These estimates require significant judgment and adverse changes in assumptions could result in a lower fair value. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue from the sale of our products, primarily medical imaging systems and diagnostic and surgical disposable products, and related services, which are primarily support and maintenance services on our medical imaging systems. See Note 3 for further discussion of revenue recognition. 
 We consider revenue to be earned when all of the following criteria are met: we have a contract with a customer that creates enforceable rights and obligations; promised products or services are identified; the transaction price, or the amount that we expect to receive, including an estimate of uncertain amounts subject to a constraint to ensure revenue is not recognized in an amount that would result in a significant reversal upon resolution of the uncertainty, is determinable; and we have transferred control of the promised items to the customer. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account in the contract. The transaction price for the contract is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the goods and services expected to be transferred. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, control of the distinct good or service is transferred. Transfer of control for our products is generally at shipment or delivery, depending on contractual terms, but occurs when title and risk of loss transfers to the customer which represents the point in time when the customer obtains the use of and substantially all of the remaining benefit of the product. As such, the performance obligation related to product sales is satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from support and maintenance contracts and extended warranties are recognized over time based on the contract term, which represents a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services given the stand-ready nature of the performance obligations. Service revenue related to professional services for installation, training and repairs is recognized as the services are performed based on the specific nature of the service. 
 We recognize receivables when we have an unconditional right to payment, which represents the amount we expect to collect in a transaction and is most often equal to the transaction price in the contract. Payment terms are typically 30 days in the U.S. but may be longer in international markets. We treat shipping and handling costs performed after a customer obtains control of the good as a fulfillment cost and record these costs within costs of product revenue when the corresponding revenue is recognized. 
 Generally the contracts for capital equipment include multiple performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we are required to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. We determine the best estimate of standalone selling price using average selling prices over 3- to 12-month periods of data depending on the products or nature of the services coupled with current market considerations. If the product or service does not have a history of sales or if sales volume is not sufficient, we rely on prices set by our pricing committees or applicable marketing department adjusted for expected discounts. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

We exercise judgement in estimating variable consideration, which includes volume discounts, sales rebates, product returns and other adjustments. These amounts are recorded as a reduction to revenue and classified as a current liability. We base our estimates for volume discounts and sales rebates on historical information to the extent it is reasonable to be used as a predictive tool of expected future rebates. To the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, we apply judgment in constraining the estimated variable consideration due to factors that may cause reversal of revenue recognized. We evaluate constraints based on our historical and projected experience with similar customer contracts. Our contracts for the sale of capital equipment and related components, and assays and tests typically do not provide the right to return product, however, our contracts for the sale of our interventional breast and surgical handpieces provide for a right of return for a limited period of time. In general, estimates of variable consideration and constraints are not material to our financial statements. 
 We also place instruments (or equipment) at customer sites but retain title to the instrument (for example, the ThinPrep Processor, ThinPrep Imaging System, and the Panther and Panther Fusion systems). The customer has the right to use the instrument for a period of time, and then we recover the cost of providing the instrument through the sales of disposables, namely tests and assays in Diagnostics and handpieces in GYN Surgical. These types of agreements include an embedded operating lease for the right to use an instrument and no instrument revenue is recognized at the time of instrument delivery. We recognize a portion of the revenue allocated to the embedded lease concurrent with the sale of disposables over the term of the agreement. 
 Income Taxes 
 We use the asset and liability method for accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under this method, we recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and also for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards at each reporting period. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates and laws applicable to the period and jurisdiction in which we expect the differences to affect taxable income. We evaluate both the positive and negative evidence that affects the realizability of net deferred tax assets and assess the need for a valuation allowance. The future benefit to be derived from our deferred tax assets is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in each jurisdiction of the right type to realize the assets. We establish a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. To the extent we establish or release a valuation allowance, a tax charge or benefit will be recorded as a component of the income tax provision on the statement of operations in the reporting period that such determination is made. 
 Accounting for income taxes requires a two-step approach to recognize and measure uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if, based on the technical merits, it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon audit, including resolutions of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit and new audit activity. Any change in these factors could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. 
 In the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. In our opinion, we have made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years subject to audit. While we consider our estimates reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome will not be different than amounts reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. If our assumptions are incorrect, the differences could have a material impact on our income tax provision and operating results in the period in which such determination is made. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Financial Instruments, Other Financial Instruments, and Derivative Commodity Instruments . Financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale debt securities, accounts receivable, equity investments, foreign currency derivative contracts, interest rate swap agreements, insurance contracts, accounts payable and debt obligations. Except for our outstanding 2028 and 2029 Senior Notes, the fair value of these financial instruments approximate their carrying amount. The fair value of our 2028 and 2029 Senior Notes was approximately 393.1 million and 882.2 million, respectively, as of September 28, 2024. Amounts outstanding under our 2021 Credit Agreement of 1.2 billion aggregate principal as of September 28, 2024 are subject to variable rates of interest based on current market rates, and as such, we believe the carrying amount of these obligations approximates fair value. 
 Primary Market Risk Exposures . Our primary market risk exposure is in the areas of interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. We incur interest expense on borrowings outstanding under our 2028 and 2029 Senior Notes, and 
 51 

Table of Contents 

2021 Credit Agreement. The 2028 and 2029 Senior Notes have fixed interest rates. Effective September 25, 2022 (the first day of fiscal 2023), borrowings under our 2021 Credit Agreement bear interest at the SOFR Rate plus SOFR Adjustment of 0.10 plus the applicable margin of 1.00 per annum. 
 As of September 28, 2024, there was 1.20 billion of aggregate principal outstanding under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Since this debt obligation is a variable rate instrument, our interest expense associated with the instrument is subject to change. A hypothetical 10 adverse movement (increase in the SOFR rate) would increase annual interest expense by approximately 3.4 million, which is net of the impact of our interest rate swap hedge. We previously entered into interest rate swap agreements to help mitigate the interest rate volatility associated with the variable rate interest on the amounts outstanding under our credit facilities. The critical terms of the interest rate swaps were designed to mirror the terms of our SOFR-based borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement, and therefore the interest rate swap is highly effective at offsetting the cash flows being hedged. We designated these derivative instruments as a cash flow hedge of the variability of the Term SOFR-based interest payments on 500 million of principal. 
 The return from cash and cash equivalents, and our short and long-term investments, which are available-for-sale debt securities, will vary as short-term interest rates change. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in market rates would change annual interest income by approximately 10.4 million based on our current cash and investment balances. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk. Our international business is subject to risks, including, but not limited to: unique economic conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other regulations and restrictions, and foreign exchange rate volatility. Accordingly, our future results could be materially adversely impacted by changes in these or other factors. 
 We conduct business worldwide and maintain sales and service offices outside the U.S. as well as manufacturing facilities in Costa Rica and the United Kingdom. Our international sales are denominated in a number of currencies, primarily the Euro, U.S. dollar, U.K. Pound, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Chinese Yuan and Japanese Yen. The majority of our foreign subsidiaries functional currency is the local currency, although certain foreign subsidiaries functional currency is the U.S. dollar based on the nature of their operations or functions. Our revenues denominated in foreign currencies are positively affected when the U.S. dollar weakens against them and adversely affected when the U.S. dollar strengthens. Fluctuations in foreign currency rates could affect our sales, cost of goods and operating margins and could result in exchange losses. In addition, currency devaluations can result in a loss if we hold deposits of that currency. We have executed forward foreign currency contracts and foreign currency collars (principally the Japanese yen) to hedge a portion of results denominated in the Euro, U.K. Pound, Australian dollar, Japanese Yen, Canadian dollar and Chinese Yuan. These contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, we may experience volatility in our Consolidated Statements of Income due to (i) the impact of unrealized gains and losses reported in other income, net on the mark-to-market of outstanding contracts and (ii) realized gains and losses recognized in other income, net, whereas the offsetting economic gains and losses are reported in the line item of the underlying cash flow, for example, revenue. 
 We believe that the operating expenses of our international subsidiaries that are incurred in local currencies will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our operating results and certain assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies are affected by changes in the relative strength of the U.S. dollar against those currencies. Our expenses, denominated in foreign currencies, are positively affected when the U.S. dollar strengthens against those currencies and adversely affected when the U.S. dollar weakens. However, we believe that the foreign currency exchange risk is not significant. We believe a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in foreign currencies that we transact in would not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. During fiscal 2024, we incurred net foreign exchange losses of 21.0 million, net foreign exchange losses of 7.9 million in fiscal 2023 and net foreign exchange gains of 48.5 million in fiscal 2022. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data are set forth under Part IV, Item 15, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 52 

Table of Contents 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 
 Management has excluded from our assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting the internal controls of Endomagnetics Ltd acquired on July 25, 2024, which is included in the consolidated financial statements of Hologic, Inc. as of and for the year ended September 28, 2024 and constituted 4.2 and 6.2 of assets and net assets, respectively, as of September 28, 2024 and less than 1 of revenues and pre-tax income for the year then ended. 
 Subject to the foregoing, based on management s assessment, we determined that, as of September 28, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This report in which they expressed an unqualified opinion is included below. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Hologic, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Hologic, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Hologic, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Endomagnetics Ltd, which is included in the 2024 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 4.2 and 6.2 of total and net assets, respectively, as of September 28, 2024 and less than 1 of revenues and net income, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Endomagnetics Ltd. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated November 27, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts November 27, 2024 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 28, 2024, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, none of our directors or executive officers or any Rule 10b5-1 trading plans or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer and controller, and other persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers is publicly available on our website at investors.hologic.com as Appendix A to our Code of Conduct. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Current Report on Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code by posting such information on our website, at the address specified above. Additionally, we intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Conduct, and waivers of the Code of Conduct granted to executive officers and directors, on our website, at the address specified above. 
 The additional information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 We maintain a number of equity compensation plans for employees, officers, directors and others whose efforts contribute to our success. The table below sets forth certain information as of the end of our fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 regarding the shares of our common stock available for grant or granted under stock option plans and equity incentives that (i) were approved by our stockholders, and (ii) were not approved by our stockholders. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and rights 
 (b) (2) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 (c) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 7,115,264 55.32 7,472,695 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 7,115,264 55.32 7,472,695 
 ___________ 
 (1) Includes 2,848,339 shares that are issuable upon restricted stock units (RSUs), performance stock units (PSUs) and market stock units (MSUs) vesting. The remaining balance consists of outstanding stock option grants. 
 (2) The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding RSUs, PSUs and MSUs, which have no exercise price. 
 The additional information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year. Our independent public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, New York, NY, PCAOB Auditor ID [PCAOB ID: ]. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 (b) Listing of Exhibits 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date 2.1 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2021, by and among Hologic, Inc. and certain sellers listed therein (1) 
 8-K 04/08/2021 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Hologic, with amendments 
 10-K 09/30/2017 3.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hologic, Inc. 
 8-K 06/25/2019 4.1 Indenture, dated September 28, 2020, by and among Hologic, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 09/28/2020 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 18, 2021 among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantor Party Hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 10-K 
 09/25/2021 4.3 Form of 3.250 Senior Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 09/28/2020 4.4 Indenture dated January 19, 2018, by and among Hologic, the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 01/19/2018 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture dated January 19, 2018, by and among Hologic, the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 01/19/2018 4.6 S econd Supplemental Indenture dated July 25, 2024, by and among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantors Party Hereto and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee 
 Filed herewith 
 4.7 Form of 4.625 Senior Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 8-K 01/19/2018 
 59 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 9, 2018 among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantor Parties Hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 10-K 
 09/25/2021 4.9 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 8, 2019 among Hologic, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors Party Hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 10-K 
 09/25/2021 4.10 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2019 among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantor Party Hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 10-K 
 09/25/2021 4.11 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 18, 2021 among Hologic, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantor Party Hereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee 
 10-K 
 09/25/2021 4.12 S ixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2024 among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantor Party Hereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. , as Trustee 
 Filed herewith 
 4.13 Description of Securities 
 10-K 09/28/2019 10.1 Hologic Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 03/10/2023 10.2 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (adopted fiscal 2016) 
 8-K 10/14/2015 10.3 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (adopted fiscal 2017) 
 8-K 11/09/2016 10.4 
 Form of Independent Director Stock Option Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 11/21/2023 10.5 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2017) 
 10-K 
 11/15/2022 10.6 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (adopted fiscal 2024) 
 8-K 
 11/13/2023 10.7 
 Form of Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 
 11/21/2023 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (adopted fiscal 2017) 
 8-K 11/09/2016 10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2017) 
 10-K 
 11/15/2022 10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (adopted fiscal 2024) 
 8-K 
 11/13/2023 10.11 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR) (adopted fiscal 2021) 
 8-K 11/06/2020 10.12 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC) (adopted fiscal 2021) 
 8-K 11/06/2020 10.13 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow) (adopted fiscal 2021) 
 8-K 11/06/2020 10.14 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2021) 
 8-K 11/06/2020 10.15 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2021) 
 8-K 11/06/2020 
 60 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date 10.16 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2021) 
 8-K 11/06/2020 10.17 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR) (adopted fiscal 2022) 
 8-K 11/04/2021 10.18 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC) (adopted fiscal 2022) 
 8-K 11/04/2021 10.19 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow) (adopted fiscal 2022) 
 8-K 11/04/2021 10.20 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2022) 
 8-K 11/04/2021 10.21 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2022) 
 8-K 11/04/2021 10.22 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2022) 
 8-K 11/04/2021 10.23 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR) (adopted fiscal 2023) 
 8-K 11/04/2022 10.24 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC) (adopted fiscal 2023) 
 8-K 11/04/2022 10.25 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow) (adopted fiscal 2023) 
 8-K 11/04/2022 10.26 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2023) 
 8-K 11/04/2022 10.27 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2023) 
 8-K 11/04/2022 10.28 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow Outside US) (adopted fiscal 2023) 
 8-K 11/04/2022 10.29 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC) (adopted fiscal 2024) 
 8-K 
 11/13/2023 10.30 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (relative TSR) (adopted fiscal 2024) 
 8-K 
 11/13/2023 10.31 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow) (adopted fiscal 2024) 
 8-K 
 11/13/2023 10.32 
 F orm of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (Free Cash Flow) (adopted fiscal 2025) 
 8-K 
 11/08/2024 10.33 
 F orm of Performa nce Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (ROIC) (adopted fiscal 2025) 
 8-K 
 11/08/2024 10.34 
 F orm of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Under 2008 Equity I ncentive Plan (relative TSR) (adopted fiscal 2025) 
 8-K 
 11/08/2024 10.35 
 Hologic, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 
 8-K 03/10/2023 10.36 
 Hologic Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 8-K 11/07/2018 10.37 
 Hologic Amended and Restated Deferred Equity Plan 
 8-K 12/16/2015 10.38 
 Hologic, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Program and Amendment No. 1 thereto 
 10-Q 
 08/01/2023 10.39 
 Rabbi Trust Agreement 
 10-K 09/28/2013 
 61 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date 10.40 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (as executed with each director of Hologic) 
 8-K 03/06/2009 10.41 
 Employment Agreement dated December 6, 2013 by and between Stephen P. MacMillan and Hologic 
 8-K 12/09/2013 10.42 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Stephen P. MacMillan, dated September 18, 2015 
 8-K 09/21/2015 10.43 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Stephen P. MacMillan, dated September 24, 2016 
 10-K 09/24/2016 10.44 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Stephen P. MacMillan, dated October 5, 2020 
 8-K 10/06/2020 10.45 
 Change of Control Agreement dated December 6, 2013 by and between Stephen P. MacMillan and Hologic 
 8-K 12/09/2013 10.46 
 Severance and Change of Control Agreement dated July 31, 2018 by and between Karleen M. Oberton and Hologic, Inc. 
 8-K 07/31/2018 10.47 
 Severance and Change of Control Agreement dated February 2, 2015 by and between John M. Griffin and Hologic 
 10-Q 03/28/2015 10.48 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Jan Verstreken and Hologic dated June 14, 2023 
 10-Q 
 08/01/2023 10.49 
 T ransition Agreement dated December 31, 2023 by and between Hologic, Inc. and Elisabeth (Lisa) Hellmann 
 10-Q 
 05/03/2024 10.50 
 Severance and Change of Control Agreement dated July 20, 2023 by and between Erik S. Anderson and Hologic, Inc. 
 10-Q 
 08/01/2023 10.51 
 Severance and Change of Control Agreement dated July 20, 2023 by and between Essex D. Mitchell and Hologic, Inc. 
 10-Q 
 08/01/2023 10.52 
 Severance and Change of Control Agreement dated July 20, 2023 by and between Jennifer Schneiders and Hologic, Inc. 
 10-Q 
 08/01/2023 10.53 
 S everance and Change of Control Agreement dated September 19, 2024 by and between Diana De Walt and Hologic, Inc. 
 Filed herewith 
 10.54 
 S everance and Change of Control Agreement dated January 18, 2024 by and between Hologic, Inc. and Brandon Schnittker 
 10-Q 
 05/03/2024 10.55 
 F orm of RSU Grant Agreement 
 Filed herewith 
 10.56 Office Lease dated December 31, 2003 between Cytyc and Marlborough Campus Limited Partnership 
 Cytyc Corporation 10-K 12/31/2003 10.57 First Amendment to that Office Lease dated December 31, 2003 between Cytyc and Marlborough Campus Limited Partnership, entered into August 23, 2017, by and between Hines Global REIT Marlborough Campus LLC and Hologic, Inc. (2) 
 
 10-K 09/30/2017 10.58 S econd Amendment to Lease dated October 30, 2023 by and between BH GRP TCAM Owner LLC and Hologic, Inc. (3) 
 Filed herewith 
 10.59 T hird Amendment to Lease dated May 15, 2024 by and between BH GRP TCAM Owner LLC and Hologic, Inc. (3) 
 Filed herewith 
 
 62 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date 10.60 Lease Agreement by and between Zona Franca Coyol S.A. and Cytyc Surgical Products Costa Rica S.A. dated April 23, 2007 
 10-K 09/29/2007 10.61 Addendum 1 to Lease Agreement by and between Zona Franca Coyol S.A. and Cytyc Surgical Products Costa Rica S.A. dated July 22, 2007 (1) (3) 
 
 10-K 09/28/2019 10.62 Addendum 2 to Lease Agreement by and between Zona Franca Coyol S.A. and Cytyc Surgical Products Costa Rica S.A. dated September 22, 2008 (1) (3) 
 
 10-K 09/28/2019 10.63 Addendum No. 3 to Current Lease by and Between BCR Fondo de Inversion Inmobiliario and Hologic Surgical Products Costa Rica S.R.L. (2) 
 10-Q 12/30/2017 10.64 Lease Agreement by and between 445 Simarano Drive, Marlborough LLC and Cytyc dated July 11, 2006 
 10-K 09/29/2007 10.65 First Amendment to Lease by and between 445 Simarano Drive Marlborough LLC and Hologic, Inc. dated July 14, 2016 (3) 
 
 10-K 09/28/2019 10.66 Lease of land situated at Crewe Road, Wythenshawe in the City of Manchester between the Council of the City of Manchester and V.G. Instruments Group Limited dated February 8, 1988 (3) 
 10-K 
 09/25/2021 10.67 Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, originally dated May 29, 2015, and amended and restated as of October 3, 2017 among Hologic, Hologic GGO 4 Ltd, each Designated Borrower from time to time party thereto, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, each Lender from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer 
 8-K 10/04/2017 10.68 Refinancing Amendment No. 1 dated as of December 17, 2018 to the Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of October 3, 2017 
 8-K 12/18/2018 10.69 Refinancing Amendment No. 2, dated as of September 27, 2021, to the Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of October 3, 2017, as amended 
 8-K 09/27/2021 10.70 Refinancing Amendment No. 3, dated as of August 22, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of October 3, 2017, as amended 
 10-K 
 11/15/2023 10.71 Supply Agreement for Panther Instrument System effective November 22, 2006 between Gen-Probe Incorporated and STRATEC Biomedical Systems AG (2) 
 Gen-Probe 10-Q 09/30/2007 10.72 Amendment No. 1 dated June 1, 2011 to Supply Agreement for Panther Instrument System. (2) 
 10-K 09/24/2016 10.73 Amendment No. 2 dated February 28, 2013 to Supply Agreement for Panther Instrument System (2) 
 10-K 09/24/2016 19.0 H ologic, Inc. Insider Trad ing Policy (as amended June 13, 2024) 
 Filed herewith 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Hologic 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Hologic s CEO pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Hologic s CFO pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 
 63 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Filing Date/ Period End Date 32.1 Certification of Hologic s CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Hologic s CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 97.1 Hologic, Inc. Amended and Restated Policy on Recoupment (Claw-back) of Incentive-based Compensation 
 10-K 
 11/21/2023 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 
 ______________ 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 (1) Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. 
 (2) Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. A complete version of this 
 exhibit has been filed separately with the SEC. 
 (3) Certain portions of this exhibit are considered confidential and have been omitted as permitted under SEC rules and regulations. 

64 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HOLOGIC, INC. By: /S/ STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN Stephen P. MacMillan Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: November 27, 2024 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /S/ STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 27, 2024 STEPHEN P. MACMILLAN /S/ KARLEEN M. OBERTON Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 27, 2024 KARLEEN M. OBERTON /S/ BENJAMIN J. COHN Vice President, Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) November 27, 2024 BENJAMIN J. COHN /S/ AMY M. WENDELL Lead Independent Director 
 November 27, 2024 AMY M. WENDELL /S/ SALLY W. CRAWFORD Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 SALLY W. CRAWFORD /S/ CHARLES DOCKENDORFF Director November 27, 2024 CHARLES DOCKENDORFF /S/ SCOTT T. GARRETT 
 Director November 27, 2024 SCOTT T. GARRETT /S/ LUDWIG N. HANTSON Director November 27, 2024 LUDWIG N. HANTSON /S/ NANAZ MOHTASHAMI 
 Director November 27, 2024 NANAZ MOHTASHAMI 
 /S/ CHRISTIANA STAMOULIS Director November 27, 2024 CHRISTIANA STAMOULIS /S/ STACEY D. STEWART 
 Director November 27, 2024 STACEY D. STEWART 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Hologic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022 
 Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Income 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Hologic, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hologic, Inc. (the Company) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 27, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Equipment Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates capital equipment revenue from the sale of medical imaging systems. The Company s contracts for capital equipment sales generally have multiple performance obligations. 
 
 Auditing the revenue recognition for capital equipment sales required auditor judgment because it involves management judgment and estimation associated with the identification of performance obligations within the contracts and the estimation of the standalone selling price of each performance obligation that is based primarily on historical average selling prices. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s processes to account for capital equipment revenue recognition, including management s controls over the identification of performance obligations in revenue contracts and the estimation of the standalone selling price for each performance obligation. 
 
 To test capital equipment revenue, we performed procedures which included, among others, analytical procedures and the evaluation of whether management s revenue recognition policies with respect to identification of performance obligations and estimation of standalone selling price associated with such performance obligations are in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. We tested management s identification of the performance obligations by performing an independent test of a sample of customer contracts. We tested management s estimated standalone selling prices for its identified performance obligations primarily based on performing a sensitivity analysis and verifying a sample of historical prices charged for certain products and services included within capital equipment revenue contracts. 
 
 Valuation of Intangible Assets acquired in Business Combination 
 Description of the Matter As disclosed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements the Company completed the acquisition of Endomagnetics Ltd for a total purchase price of 313.9 million in 2024. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. 
 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for the business combination was complex due to the significant judgment required to estimate the fair value of identified finite-lived intangible assets, which totaled 180.9 million and principally consisted of developed technology related to currently marketed products. The Company used an income approach to determine the fair value of the developed technology intangible assets acquired, which was sensitive to changes in significant assumptions related to estimated discount rates and revenue growth rates. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over the Company s accounting for the business combination. For example, we tested controls over the identification and valuation of the developed technology intangible assets, including the completeness and accuracy of data within the underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the developed technology intangibles assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the valuation, as described above. We evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the analysis. For example, we compared the significant assumptions, as described above, to the historical results of the acquired business and to other guideline companies within the same industry. We also performed a sensitivity analysis over the significant assumptions by comparing them to current industry, market and economic trends and to the assumptions used by management to value similar assets in other acquisitions. We involved our valuation professionals to assist with our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and test significant assumptions, including the discount rate, used in the fair value estimates. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 /s/ 

November 27, 2024 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

 Hologic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per share data) 
 Years Ended 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 24, 2022 Revenues: Product Service and other Costs of revenues: Product Amortization of acquired intangible assets Impairment of intangible assets and equipment 
 Service and other Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: Research and development Selling and marketing General and administrative Amortization of acquired intangible assets Impairment of intangible assets and equipment 
 Contingent consideration fair value adjustments 
 ) ) Loss on assets held-for-sale 
 Restructuring charges 
 Income from operations Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Debt extinguishment loss ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes 
 Net income Net income per common share: 
 Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 Hologic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In millions) 
 Years Ended 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 24, 2022 Net income Changes in foreign currency translation adjustment ) Changes in unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 
 Gain recognized, net of taxes 
 Changes in pension plans, net of taxes 
 ) Gain (loss) recognized, net of tax of ) in 2024, ) in 2023, and in 2022, for interest rate swaps 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 Hologic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments 
 Accounts receivable, less reserves 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid income taxes Assets held-for-sale - current assets 
 Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term investments 
 Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Finance lease obligations Assets held-for-sale - current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Finance lease obligations, net of current portion Deferred income tax liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15 and 16) 
 par value shares autho rized; shares issued 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 Hologic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in- Capital Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Amount Balance at September 25, 2021 ) ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock issued under the employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Adjustment to minimum pension liability, net Repurchase of common stock ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swap Balance at September 24, 2022 ) ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock issued under the employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Adjustment to minimum pension liability, net Unrealized loss on interest rate swap 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock issued under the employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment Adjustment to minimum pension liability, net ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 
 Unrealized loss on interest rate swap 
 ) ) Accelerated share repurchase agreement 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock (1) 
 ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 Hologic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 Years Ended 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 24, 2022 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes and other non-cash taxes ) ) ) Intangible assets and equipment impairment charges 
 Loss on assets held-for-sale 
 Contingent consideration fair value adjustments 
 ) ) Debt extinguishment loss Other adjustments and non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the effect of acquisitions: 
 Accounts receivable ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid income taxes ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Sale of business, net of cash disposed 
 ) Purchases of available-for-sale securities 
 ) Capital expenditures 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from the Department of Defense Increase in equipment under customer usage agreements ) ) ) Strategic investments 
 ) ) Purchase of intellectual property ) Other activity ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Repayments under accounts receivable securitization agreement ) Repayment of acquired long-term debt ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) ) Payment of deferred acquisition consideration ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Payment of minimum tax withholdings on net share settlements of equity awards ) ) ) Payments under finance lease obligations ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 million of cash recorded in assets held-for-sale - current assets as of September 30, 2023. 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 Hologic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (all tabular amounts in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands) 

1. 
 segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. 
 
 2. 
 
 million, subject to working capital and other customary adjustments. Gynesonics, located in Redwood, California, develops a technology intended for diagnostic intrauterine imaging and transcervical treatment of certain symptomatic uterine fibroids, including those associated with heavy menstrual bleeding. Completion of the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. Gynesonics will be included in the GYN Surgical reportable segment. 
 On November 19, 2024, the Company executed an accelerated share repurchase agreement (ASR) with JPMorgan Chase Co., JP Morgan pursuant to which the Company agreed to repurchase million of the Company s common stock. Refer to Note 12 for further discussion. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 customers with a balance greater than of accounts receivable as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. There were no customers that represented greater than of consolidated revenues for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 . 
 Concentration of Suppliers 
 The Company purchases certain components of its products from a single or small number of suppliers. A change in or loss of these suppliers could cause a delay in filling customer orders and a possible loss of sales, which could adversely affect results of operations. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 Cash paid during the period for interest Non-Cash Financing Activities: Fair value of contingent consideration at acquisition 
 Cash paid for income taxes presented above is net of tax refunds of million, million and million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The fiscal 2024 and 2023 refunds received primarily related to tax filings and over-payments made in the ordinary course of business, while the fiscal 2022 refunds were primarily related to federal and state loss carryback claims. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods 
 
 years 
 
 Equipment under customer usage agreements years 
 
 Buildings and improvements years 
 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the Original Lease Term 
 or Estimated Useful Life 
 
 Land Furniture and fixtures years 
 
 Finance lease right-of-use asset Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, from the Department of Defense Joint Acquisition Task Force DOD to expand production capacity for the Company's two SARS-CoV-2 assays. These grants were specifically to fund capital equipment and labor investments to increase manufacturing capacity to enable the Company to provide a certain amount of COVID-19 tests per month for the U.S. market. The Company accounted for the funds received under these grants as a reimbursement of the purchased capital equipment. The Company procured and paid for the capital equipment and necessary resources to build out its facility and construct the manufacturing lines to meet the requirements specified in the grant agreement. Subsequent to the Company paying for the capital equipment, the DOD reimbursed the Company upon it meeting certain requirements. However, the DOD retained title to the assets purchased under the agreement, and title was transferred to the Company upon meeting certain milestones of the manufacturing efforts and obtaining approval from the DOD that the respective milestone had been met. As of the end of fiscal 2022, the Company had completed all milestones under the agreement and was awaiting approval by the DOD. During the second quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company received the final DOD approvals and the final payment from the DOD of million, which was recorded as a reduction of the cost basis of the purchased equipment. As of September 30, 2023, no amounts were awaiting approval and all defined milestones were completed. In fiscal 2022, the Company received million from the DOD for reimbursement of capital equipment, which was recorded as a reduction of the cost basis of the purchased equipment. In addition, a portion of the DOD grant funded expenditures in connection with the project that did not qualify for capitalization and was recorded as a reduction to expenses, which was million in fiscal 2022. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company identified indicators of impairment related to the long-lived assets of its Mobidiag business and based on the fair value of the asset group recorded an impairment charge of million related to property, plant and equipment. In addition, during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company identified indicators of impairment related to the long-lived assets of its SSI ultrasound imaging business and recorded an impairment charge of million related to property, plant and equipment. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 to years. The Company evaluates the recoverability of its definite lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances or business conditions indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable based on expectations of future undiscounted cash flows for each asset group. If the carrying value of an asset or asset group exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, the Company estimates the fair value of the assets, generally utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis based on the present value of after-tax cash flows to be generated by the assets using a risk-adjusted discount rate. To estimate the fair value of the assets, the Company uses market participant assumptions pursuant to ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements . 
 Indefinite lived intangible assets, such as IPR D assets, are initially recorded at fair value and are required to be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present. The Company s annual impairment test date is as of the first day of its fourth quarter. 
 In-process research and development Customer relationships Trade names Total acquired intangible assets Internal-use software Capitalized software embedded in products Total intangible assets 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, in connection with commencing its company-wide annual strategic planning process, the Company identified indicators of impairment in its BioZorb product line, which was part of the Focal acquisition. As a result, the Company performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis pursuant to ASC 360 to determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the BioZorb product line over the remaining estimated useful life of the primary asset were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. Based on this analysis, the undiscounted cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets. Therefore, the Company was required to perform Step 3 of the impairment test and determine the fair value of the asset group. To estimate the fair value of the asset group, the Company utilized the income approach, which is based on a discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis and calculated the fair value by 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 million during the second quarter of fiscal 2024. The impairment charge was allocated to the long-lived assets on a pro-rata basis as follows: million to developed technology and million to trade names, which reduced the carrying value of the assets to million and million respectively. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, the Federal Drug Administration classified a prior safety notice for the BioZorb Marker as a Class I recall. This was the technical classification of a prior safety notice only, not a product removal. Following this, the Company lowered its forecasts for this product line, which is an indicator of impairment. Accordingly, the Company performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis, and the cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. The Company performed a fair value analysis and determined that the fair value of the asset group was de minimus. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million and million to developed technology and trade names, respectively, to fully write-off the assets. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company assessed its only in-process research and development intangible asset from its Mobidiag acquisition for impairment. The Company determined the fair value of this indefinite-lived asset utilizing the DCF model and recorded a million impairment charge, reducing the fair value of this asset to million. The reduction in the fair value of this asset was primarily due to a reduction in forecasted revenues and a delay in the timing of completing the project. In addition, the Company determined that the useful life of the customer relationship and trade name intangible assets from its Mobidiag acquisition should be shortened and recorded accelerated amortization expense of million to bring the net carrying values to . 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, in connection with its company-wide annual budgeting and strategic planning process as well as evaluating the current operating performance of its Mobidiag business, including product design and manufacturing requirements, the Company reassessed its short-term and long-term commercial plans for this business. The Company made certain operational and strategic decisions to invest and focus more on the long-term success of this business, which resulted in the Company significantly reducing its forecasted revenues and operating results. 
 As a result, the Company identified indicators of impairment and performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis pursuant to ASC 360 to determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the Mobidiag business over the estimated remaining useful life of its primary assets were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. Based on this analysis the undiscounted cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets. As a result, the Company was required to perform Step 3 of the impairment test and determine the fair value of the asset group. To estimate the fair value of the asset group, the Company utilized the income approach, which was based on a DCF analysis. Assumptions used in the DCF require significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount rates, growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. The forecasted cash flows were based on the Company's most recent strategic plan at that time and for periods beyond the strategic plan, the Company's estimates were based on assumed growth rates expected as of the measurement date. The Company believed its assumptions were consistent with the plans and estimates that a market participant would use to manage the business. The discount rate used was intended to reflect the risks inherent in future cash flow projections and was based on an estimate of the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) of market participants relative to the asset group. The Company used a discount rate of . Based on this analysis, the fair value of the Mobidiag asset group was below its carrying value. Prior to calculating and allocating the impairment charge, the Company assessed the only in-process research and development intangible asset in this asset group for impairment. The Company determined the fair value of this indefinite-lived asset utilizing the DCF model and recorded a million impairment charge, reducing the fair value of this asset to million. The reduction in fair value of this asset was primarily due to a reduction in forecasted revenues and a delay in the timing of completing the project to focus on other projects. 
 To record the asset group to fair value, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. The impairment charge was allocated to the long-lived assets on a pro-rata basis as follows: million to developed technology, million to customer relationships, million to trade names, and million to equipment. The Company believed its assumptions used to determine the fair value of the asset group were reasonable. The Company also re-evaluated the remaining useful lives of the intangible assets and concluded no changes were necessary at that time. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company also identified indicators of impairment associated with its SSI ultrasound imaging asset group. The Company determined that the fair value of this asset group was approximately zero and the carrying value of the long-lived assets was fully impaired. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million, of which million was allocated to intangible assets, primarily developed technology, and million was allocated to equipment. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 million impairment charge. The reduction in fair value was due to an increase in the discount rate from higher interest rates, a reduction in forecasted revenues and timing of completing the project. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company identified a certain product line associated with the Focal Therapeutics, Inc. acquisition that would no longer be commercially sold. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge to write-off a developed technology asset of million. During the third quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company identified certain product lines associated with the Faxitron Bioptics, LLC acquisition that would no longer be commercially sold. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge to write-off the developed technology assets of million. 
 Amortization expense related to developed technology is classified as cost of product revenues amortization of intangible assets. Amortization expense related to customer relationships and trade names is classified as a component of amortization of intangible assets within operating expenses. 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 
 Goodwill 
 In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (ASC 350), the Company tests goodwill for impairment annually at the reporting unit level and between annual tests if events and circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Events that could indicate impairment and trigger an interim impairment assessment include, but are not limited to, current economic and market conditions, including a decline in market capitalization, a significant adverse change in legal factors, business climate, operational performance of the business or key personnel, and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. 
 In performing the impairment test, the Company utilizes the single-step approach prescribed under Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (ASU 2017-04). This approach requires a comparison of the carrying value of each reporting unit to its estimated fair value and to the extent the carrying value exceeds the fair value a charge is recorded up to the amount of goodwill in the reporting unit. To estimate the fair value of its reporting units, the Company primarily utilizes the income approach. The income approach is based on a DCF analysis and calculates the fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to a reporting unit and then discounting the after-tax cash flows to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Assumptions used in the DCF require significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount rates and terminal values, growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. The forecasted cash flows are based on the Company s most recent budget and strategic plan and for years beyond this period, the Company s estimates are based on assumed growth rates expected as of the measurement date. The Company believes its assumptions are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage the underlying businesses. The discount rates used are intended to reflect the risks inherent in future cash flow projections and are based on estimates of the weighted-average cost of capital WACC of market participants. The market approach considers comparable market data based on multiples of revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and is primarily used as a corroborative analysis to the results of the DCF analysis. The Company believes its assumptions used to determine the fair value of its reporting units are reasonable. If different assumptions were used, particularly with respect to forecasted cash flows, terminal values, WACCs, or market multiples, different estimates of fair value may result and there could be the potential that an impairment charge could result. Actual operating results and the related cash flows of the reporting units could differ from the estimated operating results and related cash flows. 
 The Company conducted its fiscal 2024 impairment test for its reporting units on the first day of the fourth quarter, and as noted above used DCF and market approaches to estimate the fair value of its reporting units as of June 30, 2024, and ultimately used the fair value determined by the DCF approach in making its impairment test conclusions. As a result of completing this analysis, all of the Company's reporting units had fair values exceeding their carrying values. 
 At September 28, 2024, the Company believes that its reporting units, with goodwill aggregating billion, were not at risk of failing the goodwill impairment test based on its current forecasts and qualitative assessment. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 Endomag acquisition 
 Foreign currency and other adjustments Balance at September 28, 2024 
 Operating lease right of use assets Life insurance contracts Deferred tax assets Strategic investments 
 Other 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents million, ) million, and million, respectively. ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Ending Balance ) ) ) ) 
 billion. The restructured interest rate swap fixed the SOFR component of the variable interest rate on billion of the notional amount under the 2021 Credit Agreement at . The critical terms of the restructured interest rate swap were designed to mirror the terms of the Company s SOFR-based borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement and therefore were highly effective at offsetting the cash flows being hedged. The Company designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge of the variability of the SOFR-based interest payments on billion of principal. Therefore, changes in the fair value of the swap were recorded in AOCI. The contract expired during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into two consecutive interest rate swap contracts with the first contract having an effective date of December 17, 2023 and terminating on December 27, 2024, and the second contract having an effective date of December 27, 2024 and terminating on September 25, 2026. The notional amount of these swaps is million, and the first interest rate swap fixes the SOFR component of the variable interest rate at , and the second interest rate swap fixes the SOFR component of the variable interest rate at . The critical terms of the interest rate swaps are designed to mirror the terms of the Company s SOFR-based borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement and therefore are highly effective at offsetting the cash flows being hedged. The Company designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge of the variability of the SOFR-based interest payments on million of principal. 
 The changes in the fair value of the swaps are recorded in AOCI and net of taxes were a loss of million, a loss of million and a gain of million, respectively, for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The fair value of these derivative instruments was in an asset position of million as of September 28, 2024. 
 Forward Foreign Currency Contracts, Foreign Currency Option Contracts 
 The Company enters into forward foreign currency exchange contracts and foreign currency option contracts (including collars) to mitigate certain operational exposures from the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Such 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 or less. The Company did not elect hedge accounting for these contracts. The change in the fair value of these contracts is recognized directly in earnings as a component of other income (expense), net. 
 Foreign currency option contracts ) ) Amount of unrealized (loss) gain recognized in income Forward foreign currency contracts ) ) Foreign currency option contracts ) ) ) Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income Total ) ) 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had outstanding forward foreign currency contracts that were not designated for hedge accounting and are used to hedge forecasted transactions denominated in the Euro, U.K. pound, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Chinese Yuan and Japanese Yen with an aggregate notional amount of million. 
 Financial Instrument Presentation 
 Interest rate swap contracts 
 Other assets Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Forward foreign currency contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency option contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments designated as a cash flow hedge: Interest rate swap contracts 
 Other long-term liabilities Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Forward foreign currency contracts Accrued expenses 
 F-19 

Table of Contents ) Total ) ) 
 ) September 30, 2023 ) September 24, 2022 ) 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average common stock equivalents from assumed exercise of stock options and restricted stock units Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted-average anti-dilutive shares related to: Outstanding stock options and restricted stock units 
 warranty for its products. The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time product revenue is recognized. Factors that affect the Company s warranty reserves include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty repairs and the cost per repair. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of the warranty reserve and adjusts the amount as necessary. 
 ) September 30, 2023 ) 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were included in selling and marketing expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The higher advertising costs in fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the Company's agreement to be a sponsor of the Women's Tennis Association and related structure of the arrangement and the production and airing of its Super Bowl commercial in February 2022. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 Molecular Diagnostics Blood Screening Total Breast Health: Breast Imaging Interventional Breast Solutions Total GYN Surgical Skeletal Health Total 
 Years Ended Geographic Regions in millions 
 September 28, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 24, 2022 
 United States Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of World 
 
 The following table provides revenue recognized by source: 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 Capital equipment, components and software Service Other 
 
 The Company considers revenue to be earned when all of the following criteria are met: the Company has a contract with a customer that creates enforceable rights and obligations; promised products or services are identified; the transaction price, or the amount the Company expects to receive, including an estimate of uncertain amounts subject to a constraint to ensure revenue is not recognized in an amount that would result in a significant reversal upon resolution of the uncertainty, is determinable; and the Company has transferred control of the promised items to the customer. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account in the contract. The transaction price for the contract is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods and services expected to be transferred. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, control of the distinct good or service is transferred. Transfer of control for the Company's products is generally at shipment or delivery, depending on contractual terms, but occurs when title and risk of loss transfers to the customer which represents the point in time when the customer obtains the use of and substantially all of the remaining benefit of the product. As such, the Company's performance obligation related to product sales is satisfied at a point in time. Revenue from support and maintenance contracts, extended warranty and professional services for installation, training and repairs is recognized over time based on the period contracted or as the services are performed as these methods represent a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services. 
 The Company recognizes a receivable when it has an unconditional right to payment, which represents the amount the Company expects to collect in a transaction and is most often equal to the transaction price in the contract. Payment terms are typically 30 days in the U.S. but may be longer in international markets. The Company treats shipping and handling costs performed after a customer obtains control of the good as a fulfillment cost and records these costs within costs of product revenue when the corresponding revenue is recognized. 
 The Company also places instruments (or equipment) at customer sites but retains title to the instrument. The customer has the right to use the instrument for a period of time, and the Company recovers the cost of providing the instrument through the sales of disposables, namely tests and assays in Diagnostics and handpieces in GYN Surgical. These types of agreements include an embedded lease, which is generally an operating lease, for the right to use an instrument and no instrument revenue is recognized at the time of instrument delivery. The Company recognizes a portion of the revenue allocated to the embedded lease concurrent with the sale of disposables over the term of the agreement. 
 Revenue from laboratory testing services, which are generated by the Company's Biotheranostics business, is recognized based upon contracted amounts with payors and historical cash collection experience for the same test or same payor group. Revenue is recognized once the laboratory services have been performed, the results have been delivered to the ordering physician, the payor has been identified, and insurance has been verified. The estimated timeframes for cash collection are three months for Medicare payors, six months for Medicare Advantage payors, and nine months for commercial payors. 
 Generally, the contracts for capital equipment include multiple performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using its best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. The Company determines its best estimate of standalone selling price using average selling prices over 3- to 12-month periods of data depending on the products or nature of the services coupled with current market considerations. If the product or service does not have a history of sales or if sales volume is not sufficient, the Company relies on prices set by its pricing committees or applicable marketing department adjusted for expected discounts. 
 Variable Consideration 
 The Company exercises judgment in estimating variable consideration, which includes volume discounts, sales rebates, product returns and other adjustments. These amounts are recorded as a reduction to revenue and classified as a current liability. The Company bases its estimates for volume discounts and sales rebates on historical information to the extent it is reasonable 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 million. These remaining performance obligations primarily relate to support and maintenance obligations and extended warranty in the Company's Breast Health and Skeletal Health reportable segments. The Company expects to recognize approximately of this amount as revenue in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028, and thereafter. As permitted, the Company does not include remaining performance obligations related to contracts with original expected durations of one year or less in the amounts above. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company discloses accounts receivable separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their net realizable value. Contract assets primarily relate to the Company's conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were immaterial. 
 Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. The Company records a contract liability, or deferred revenue, when it has an obligation to provide service, and to a much lesser extent product, to the customer and payment is received or due in advance of performance. Deferred revenue primarily relates to support and maintenance contracts and extended warranty obligations within the Company's Breast Health and Skeletal Health reportable segments. Contract liabilities are classified as other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognized revenue of million and million in the years ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, that was included in the contract liability balance at September 30, 2023 and September 24, 2022, respectively. 
 Practical Expedients 
 The Company applies a practical expedient to expense costs to obtain a contract with a customer as incurred when the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs solely comprise sales commissions and typically the commissions are incurred at the time of shipment of product and upon billings for support and maintenance contracts. 
 
 4. 
 . The Company has operating leases for office space, land, warehouse and manufacturing space, vehicles and certain equipment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are generally not recorded on the balance sheet and expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. In accordance with ASC 842, for leases executed in fiscal 2020 and later, the Company accounts for the lease components and the non-lease components as a single lease component. The Company's leases have remaining lease terms of to approximately years, some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to years and some include options to terminate early. These options have been included in the determination of the lease liability when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. The Company does not have any leases that include residual value guarantees. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets (non-current) Property, plant and equipment, net Liabilities Operating lease liabilities (current) Accrued expenses Finance lease liabilities (current) Finance lease obligations - short term Operating lease liabilities (non-current) Other long-term liabilities 
 Finance lease liabilities (non-current) Finance lease obligations - long term 
 The following table presents the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate information related to the Company's operating and finance leases: 
 As of September 28, 2024 As of September 30, 2023 Operating Leases Finance Lease Operating Leases Finance Lease Weighted average remaining lease term Weighted average discount rate 
 Finance lease cost - amortization of right-of-use assets Finance lease cost - interest cost Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from finance leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities ROU assets arising from entering into new operating lease obligations (b) 
 ROU assets arising from entering into new finance lease obligations 
 (a) Includes short-term lease expense and variable lease costs, which were immaterial for the year ended September 28, 2024. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, in conjunction with the strategy change to move the Mobidiag development 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 million. Please refer to Footnote 8 for additional details. 
 (b) During fiscal 2024, the Company renewed leases at the Company s Marlborough, Massachusetts locations in the amount of million and million for a term of years and years, respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Lessor Activity - Leases where Hologic is the Lessor 
 Certain assets, primarily diagnostics instruments, are leased to customers under contractual arrangements that typically include an operating lease and performance obligations for disposables, reagents and other consumables. These contractual arrangements are subject to termination provisions which are evaluated in determining the lease term for lease accounting purposes. Contract terms vary by customer and may include options to terminate the contract or options to extend the contract. Where instruments are provided under operating lease arrangements, some portion or the entire lease revenue may be variable and subject to subsequent non-lease component (e.g., reagent) sales. Sales-type leases are immaterial. The allocation of revenue between the lease and non-lease components is based on stand-alone selling prices. Lease revenue represented less than of the Company s consolidated revenue for all periods presented. 
 In connection with the disposition of the Medical Aesthetics business in fiscal 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to sublease to Cynosure its U.S. headquarters and manufacturing location. As such, the Company derecognized million for the right-of-use asset for the finance lease and recorded a lease receivable, which is million as of September 28, 2024. 
 The Company leases a portion of a building it owns and subleases some of its rented facilities and received aggregate rental income of million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which has been recorded as an offset to operating lease costs. 
 Fiscal 2026 
 Fiscal 2027 
 Fiscal 2028 
 Fiscal 2029 
 Thereafter Total 
 
 5. 
 million. Endomag, located in the U.K., develops and sells breast surgery localization and lymphatic tracing technologies. Endomag s results of operations are reported in the Company's Breast Health reportable segment from the date of 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Inventory Other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Identifiable intangible assets: Developed technology Trade names Customer relationship In-process research and development Deferred income taxes, net ) Goodwill Purchase Price 
 In performing the preliminary purchase price allocation, the Company considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of Endomag s business. The allocation of the purchase price is preliminary as the Company continues to gather information supporting the valuation of acquired assets and liabilities. 
 As part of the preliminary purchase price allocation, the Company determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, trade names, customer relationship and in-process research and development project. The preliminary fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using a rate. The cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rate applied was benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 The developed technology assets are comprised of know-how, patents and technologies embedded in Endomag s products and relate to currently marketed products. The developed technology assets comprise the primary product families under the Sentimag, Magseed and Magtrace technology platforms. 
 The preliminary estimate of the weighted average life for the developed technology assets was years, for customer relationships was years and trade name assets was years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the Endomag acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company s breast care portfolio and utilizing Breast Health s sales and regulatory expertise to drive adoption and revenue growth. of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Fiscal 2023 Acquisitions 
 JW Medical 
 On July 3, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of assets from JW Medical Corporation JW Medical for a purchase price of million. JW Medical was a long-standing distributor of the Company s Breast Health products in South Korea. The majority of the purchase price was allocated to a customer relationship intangible asset with a useful life of years. 
 Normedi 
 On April 3, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Normedi Nordic AS Normedi for a purchase price of million, which included million for contingent consideration. Normedi was a long-standing distributor of the Company s Surgical products in the Nordics region of Europe. The Company allocated million of the purchase price to a customer relationship intangible asset with a useful life of years, and the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. 
 Fiscal 2022 Acquisitions 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 million. Bolder, located in Louisville, Colorado, is a developer and manufacturer of energy vessel sealing surgical devices used in both laparoscopic and open procedures. Bolder's results of operations are reported in the Company's GYN Surgical reportable segment from the date of acquisition. 
 Accounts receivable Inventory Other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Identifiable intangible assets: Developed technology Customer relationship Trade names Deferred income taxes, net ) Goodwill Purchase Price 
 In performing the purchase price allocation, the Company considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of Bolder s business. 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, the Company determined the identifiable intangible assets were developed technology, customer relationships and trade names. The preliminary fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using a rate. The cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rate applied was benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 The developed technology assets are comprised of know-how, patents and technologies embedded in Bolder s products and relate to currently marketed products. The developed technology assets comprise the primary product families under the JustRight and CoolSeal technology platforms. 
 The estimate of the weighted average life for the developed technology, customer relationship, and trade name assets was years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the Bolder acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company s surgical portfolio and utilizing GYN Surgical s sales and regulatory expertise to drive adoption and revenue growth. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 The Company s primary contingent consideration liability was related to its acquisition of Acessa Health, Inc. Acessa ), which was acquired in August 2020. Acessa developed the Acessa ProVu laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation system. The Company estimated the fair value of this liability to be million as of the acquisition date. The contingent payments were based on a multiple of annual incremental revenue growth over a period ending annually in December of each of 2021, 2022, and 2023. There was no maximum earnout. Pursuant to ASC 805 , the Company recorded its estimate of the fair value of the contingent consideration liability utilizing the Monte Carlo simulation based on future revenue projections of Acessa, revenue growth rates of comparable companies, implied volatility and applying a risk adjusted discount rate. Each quarter the Company was required to remeasure the fair value of the liability as assumptions change, and such adjustments were recorded in operating expenses. This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represented a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. This fair value measurement was directly impacted by the Company's estimate of future incremental revenue growth of the business. Accordingly, if actual revenue growth were higher or lower than the estimates within the fair value measurement, the Company would record additional charges or gains. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the third and final measurement period was completed, and the Company recorded a loss of million to increase the contingent consideration liability to fair value based on actual revenue 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 million during the second quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 million to record the liability to fair value. The reduction in fair value was due to a decrease in forecasted revenues over the remaining measurement period. The Company paid million for the second earnout period. During fiscal 2022, the Company remeasured the contingent consideration and recorded a gain of million to record the liability at fair value. The reduction in fair value was primarily due to a decrease in forecasted revenues over the measurement period and to a much lesser extent an increase in the discount rate driven by market rates. The Company paid million for the first earnout period. 
 
 6. 
 million in return for ownership in the Class A Common units of Maverix, and both the Company and KKR Comet have committed to make additional capital contributions in proportion to the ownership percentages upon meeting certain objectives and as approved by the Maverix board. In accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation, and ASC 323, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures, the Company determined that Maverix is a VIE however the Company is not the primary beneficiary but does have significant influence and therefore this investment should be accounted for under the equity method, which requires the Company to record its proportional share of the entity s net income (loss). This investment is recorded within Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the Company s proportionate share of Maverix s net loss for the year ended September 28, 2024 was million. 
 Other 
 million impairment charge on one investment. At September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company s investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values totaled million and million, respectively, and are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 7. 
 million in cash. Under the terms of the contract, the Company agreed to fund the SSI business with million of cash. The sale was completed on October 3, 2023. The Company also agreed to provide certain transition services for up to one year, depending on the nature of the service. The SSI ultrasound imaging asset group met the criteria to be classified as assets held-for-sale in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result, the Company recorded a charge of million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 to record the asset group to its fair value less costs to sell pursuant to ASC 360. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets Valuation allowance ) Total assets held-for-sale Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Total liabilities held-for-sale 
 The valuation allowance of million was recorded to appropriately reflect the assets held-for-sale classification in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 relative to the loss recorded and the net tangible assets disposed. 
 The Company concluded that this disposal did not qualify as a discontinued operation as the sale of the SSI ultrasound imaging business was deemed to not be a strategic shift having or that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. 
 
 8. 
 
 ) Facility closure costs Fiscal 2022 restructuring charges 
 ) Fiscal 2023 charges: 
 Workforce reductions Other costs 
 Fiscal 2023 restructuring charges 
 Fiscal 2024 charges: 
 Lease asset impairment charge 
 Accelerated depreciation expense 
 Workforce reductions Other costs 
 Fiscal 2024 restructuring charges 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2022 restructuring charges 
 ) Severance payments and adjustments ) ) ) Balance as of September 24, 2022 
 Fiscal 2023 restructuring charges 
 Severance payments and adjustments ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 Fiscal 2024 restructuring charges 
 Non-cash impairment charge 
 ) ) Non-cash accelerated depreciation charge 
 ) ) Severance payments and adjustments ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 28, 2024 
 
 Fiscal 2024 Actions 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company further refined its strategy for the Mobidiag business, which is within the Diagnostics reportable segment. The strategy change included the decision to discontinue the manufacture and sale of certain products, closure of its facilities in Finland and France, and to move the development activities and operations to the Company s San Diego, California location. As such, the Company determined certain fixed assets lives should be shortened and that lease assets were impaired at the affected facilities and recorded accelerated depreciation of million and a lease asset impairment charge of million. In connection with this plan, the Company finalized its decision to terminate the employees at these locations, totaling . The Company initiated discussions with the respective Works Councils at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2024. In addition, the Company recorded the minimum statutory severance benefit for the employees located in France of million pursuant to ASC 712, Compensation Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits (ASC 712), at this time. During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company finalized its negotiations with the respective Works Councils and communicated the termination and related severance benefits to the affected employees. The Company has estimated the total severance charges, including accelerated stock compensation, will be approximately million. The majority of the severance benefits will be recorded pursuant to ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations (ASC 420), which requires the severance benefits to be recognized ratably over the service period to obtain such benefits. The employees will cease employment in phases. As a result, the Company recorded total severance charges of million in fiscal 2024. This action is expected to be completed by the second quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 During fiscal 2024, the Company made various decisions to contain costs and to terminate approximately employees primarily in Breast Health and Diagnostics, within sales, marketing and research and development. The Company recorded million for severance benefits under these actions pursuant to ASC 420. These actions were completed as of September 28, 2024. 
 Fiscal 2023 and 2022 Actions 
 During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company made various decisions to terminate approximately employees across all divisions in multiple departments as well as consolidate and close certain offices in Germany and transfer warehouse distribution in the United States to a third-party facility. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, primarily for severance benefits under these actions, and million in property closure costs in fiscal 2022. The charges were recorded pursuant to ASC 712 and ASC 420 depending on the employee and nature of the severance benefit. These actions were completed as of the end of fiscal 2023. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company estimates that total severance and benefits charges, including retention and relocation and outplacement costs, will be approximately million. 
 
 9. 
 Total current debt obligations Long-term debt obligations, net of debt discount and issuance costs: Term Loan 2028 Senior Notes 2029 Senior Notes Total long-term debt obligations Total debt obligations 
 2028 Senior Notes 2029 Senior Notes 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 On September 27, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries refinanced its then existing term loan and revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, and certain other lenders (the 2018 Credit Agreement by entering into Refinancing Amendment No. 2 (the 2021 Credit Agreement ). Borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement are secured by first-priority liens on, and a first-priority security interest in, substantially all of the Company's U.S. assets and the assets of the Subsidiary Guarantors. These liens are subject to release during the term of the facilities if the Company is able to achieve certain corporate or corporate family ratings and other conditions are met. The credit facilities under the 2021 Credit Agreement (the 2021 Credit Facilities consist of: 
 A billion secured term loan 2021 Term Loan with a maturity date of September 25, 2026; and 
 A secured revolving credit facility 2021 Revolver under which the Company may borrow up to billion, subject to certain sublimits, with a maturity date of September 25, 2026. 
 On August 22, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries amended the 2021 Credit Agreement by entering into an amendment (the Third Amendment related to the planned phase out of LIBOR by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority. The interest rate applicable to the loans under the 2021 Credit Agreement denominated in U.S. dollars were converted to a variant of the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), as established from time to time by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus a corresponding spread. The Third Amendment converted the Eurocurrency Rate to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment of and the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate to Daily SOFR Rate plus the SOFR Adjustment of , effective September 23, 2022. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 for a one-month interest period plus an Applicable Rate equal to . As of September 28, 2024, the interest rate under the 2021 Term Loan was per annum. 
 The Company is also required to pay a quarterly commitment fee calculated on a daily basis equal to the Applicable Rate as of such day multiplied by the undrawn committed amount available under the 2021 Revolver (taking into account any outstanding amounts under the LC Sublimit). As of September 28, 2024, this commitment fee was per annum for the 2021 Revolver. 
 The Company is required to make scheduled principal payments under the 2021 Term Loan in increasing amounts, which is million per three-month period through fiscal 2025, and increases to million per three-month period in fiscal 2026. The remaining balance of billion (or such lesser aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding) on the 2021 Term Loan and any amounts outstanding under the 2021 Revolver are due at maturity. In addition, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the 2021 Credit Agreement, the Company is required to make certain mandatory prepayments from the net proceeds of specified types of asset sales (subject to certain reinvestment rights), debt issuances (excluding permitted debt) and insurance recoveries (subject to certain reinvestment rights). Certain of the mandatory prepayments are subject to reduction or elimination if certain financial covenants are met. These mandatory prepayments are required to be applied by the Company first to the 2021 Term Loan, second to any outstanding amount under any Swing Line Loans, third to the 2021 Revolver, fourth to prepay any outstanding reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit and fifth to cash collateralize such letters of credit. Subject to certain limitations, the Company may voluntarily prepay any of the 2021 Credit Facilities without premium or penalty. On October 27, 2023 (the first quarter of fiscal 2024), the Company made a million voluntary prepayment on the 2021 Term Loan. The outstanding principal balance of the 2021 Term Loan was billion, and there were no amounts outstanding under the 2021 Revolver. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants customarily applicable to senior secured credit facilities, including covenants restricting the ability of the Company, subject to negotiated exceptions, to incur additional indebtedness and grant additional liens on its assets, engage in mergers or acquisitions or dispose of assets, enter into sale-leaseback transactions, pay dividends or make other distributions, voluntarily prepay other indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliated persons, make investments, and change the nature of their businesses. In addition, the 2021 Credit Agreement requires the Borrowers to maintain certain financial ratios. The 2021 Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and events of default, including payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross defaults and an event of default upon a change of control of the Company. 
 The Company evaluated the 2021 Credit Agreement for derivatives pursuant to ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815), and identified embedded derivatives that required bifurcation as the features are not clearly and closely related to the host instrument. The embedded derivatives were a default provision, which could require additional interest payments, and a provision requiring contingent payments to compensate the lenders for changes in tax deductions. The Company determined that the fair value of these embedded derivatives was immaterial as of September 28, 2024. 
 Pursuant to ASC 470, Debt (ASC 470), the accounting for the refinancing was evaluated on a creditor-by-creditor basis to determine whether each transaction should be accounted for as a modification or extinguishment. Certain creditors under the 2018 Credit Agreement did not participate in this refinancing transaction and ceased being creditors of the Company. As a result, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment loss of million in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 to write-off the pro-rata amount of unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance costs related to these creditors. For the remainder of the creditors, this transaction was accounted for as a modification. Pursuant to ASC 470, third-party costs of million were recorded as a reduction to debt representing deferred issuance costs and fees paid directly to the lenders. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 Non-cash interest expense Weighted average interest rate Interest rate at end of period 
 (1) Interest expense includes non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of the deferred issuance costs and accretion of the debt discount. 
 Under the Company s interest rate swap agreements, it received million and million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was recorded as a reduction to interest expense. In fiscal 2022, the Company paid million under its interest rate swaps, which was recorded as an increase to interest expense. 
 Senior Notes 
 2028 Senior Notes 
 On January 19, 2018, the Company completed a private placement of billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and allocated million in aggregate principal amount to its Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Senior Notes at an offering price of of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Senior Notes. The 2028 Senior Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain domestic subsidiaries. The 2028 Senior Notes mature on February 1, 2028 and bear interest at the rate of per year, payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on August 1, 2018. 
 The Company has the option to redeem the 2028 Senior Notes on or after: February 1, 2024 through February 1, 2025 at of par; February 1, 2025 through February 1, 2026 at of par; and February 1, 2026 and thereafter at of par. In addition, if the Company undergoes a change of control coupled with a decline in ratings, as provided in the indenture, the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder s 2028 Senior Notes at a price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date. 
 The Company evaluated the 2028 Senior Notes for derivatives pursuant to ASC 815 and did not identify any embedded derivatives that require bifurcation. All features were deemed to be clearly and closely related to the host instrument. 
 2029 Senior Notes 
 On September 28, 2020, the Company completed a private placement of million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Senior Notes at an offering price of of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes. The 2029 Senior Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain domestic subsidiaries. The 2029 Senior Notes mature on February 15, 2029 and bear interest at the rate of per year, payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2021. 
 The Company has the option to redeem the 2029 Senior Notes on or after: September 28, 2024 through September 27, 2025 at of par; and September 28, 2025 and thereafter at of par. In addition, if the Company undergoes a change of control coupled with a decline in ratings, as provided in the indenture, the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder s 2029 Senior Notes at a price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the repurchase date. 
 The Company evaluated the 2029 Senior Notes for derivatives pursuant to ASC 815 and did not identify any embedded derivatives that require bifurcation. All features were deemed to be clearly and closely related to the host instrument. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 2028 Senior Notes Total 
 (1) Interest expense includes non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of the deferred issuance costs and accretion of the debt discount. 
 
 10. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury securities 
 Commercial paper 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Foreign currency option contracts 
 Total Liabilities: Contingent consideration Interest rate swaps 
 Forward foreign currency contracts Total 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2023 
 Fair Value 
 Quoted Prices in Active Market for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Interest rate swaps 
 Forward foreign currency contracts Total Liabilities: Contingent consideration Total 
 Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 Changes in the fair value of recurring fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), which solely consisted of contingent consideration liabilities, during the years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023, and September 24, 2022 were as follows: 
 Years Ended 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Balance at beginning of period Contingent consideration recorded at acquisition Fair value adjustments ) ) Payments 
 ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The Company remeasures the fair value of certain assets and liabilities upon the occurrence of certain events. Such assets are comprised of equity investments and long-lived assets, primarily comprised of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill. During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company recorded intangible asset impairment charges of million and million, respectively, related to its BioZorb developed technology and trade name intangible assets acquired in the Focal acquisition, which is within the Breast Health reportable segment, reducing the carrying value of the assets to . During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company recorded intangible asset impairment charges of million and million, respectively, related to its BioZorb developed technology and trade name intangible assets 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. See Note 2 for further discussion. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company recorded a million impairment charge for right-of-use lease assets related to the closure of its Mobidiag facilities in Finland and France (see Note 8 for further discussion), reducing the carrying value to zero. In addition, during the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company recorded a million impairment charge for an in-process research and development project from the Mobidiag acquisition, reducing the carrying value of this asset to million. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company s SSI ultrasound imaging business met the criteria to be classified as assets held-for-sale, and the Company recorded a million loss to record the asset group at its fair value less costs to sell. During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company identified indicators of impairment related to the long-lived assets of its Mobidiag business and based on the fair value of the asset group recorded impairment charges aggregating million, of which million was allocated to intangible assets and million was allocated to property, plant and equipment. Subsequent to the impairment charges, the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment was million and million, respectively. In addition, the Company recorded a million impairment charge for the only in-process research and development project from the Mobidiag acquisition, and the resulting carrying value was million. During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company identified indicators of impairment related to the long-lived assets of its SSI ultrasound imaging business and recorded impairment charges aggregating million, of which million was allocated to intangible assets and million was allocated to equipment. Subsequent to the impairment charges, the carrying value of these assets was . 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a million impairment charge to record its Mobidiag IPR D asset to fair value, which is a Level 3 measurement, and it recorded an million impairment charge to write-off a developed technology asset from its Focal acquisition. In addition, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million to record an equity investment at its estimated fair value. During the third quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a million impairment charge to write off two developed technology assets from its Faxitron acquisition. During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a million impairment charge to write-off an equity method investment acquired in the Mobidiag acquisition. 
 Disclosure of Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company s financial instruments mainly consist of cash and cash equivalents, United States Treasury securities, commercial paper, accounts receivable, equity investments, interest rate swaps, forward foreign currency contracts, foreign currency option contracts, insurance contracts, accounts payable and debt obligations. The carrying amounts of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company s United States Treasury securities, commercial paper, interest rate swaps, forward foreign currency contracts and foreign currency option contracts are recorded at fair value. The carrying amount of the insurance contracts are recorded at their cash surrender value, as required by U.S. GAAP, which approximates fair value. The Company believes the carrying amounts of its equity investments approximate fair value. 
 Money market mutual funds U.S. Treasury debt securities Commercial paper Total 
 The Company classifies its investments in debt securities as available-for-sale and records them at fair value, with changes in fair value reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which was immaterial for the year ended September 28, 2024. The Company periodically assesses these securities for potential impairment losses and credit losses. The amount of credit losses, if any, will be determined by comparing the difference between the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected on these securities and the amortized cost. There were no impairments and credit losses related to available-for-sale securities for the year ended September 28, 2024. 
 The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalents. The Company reviews the fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis. Changes in the ability to observe valuation inputs may result in a reclassification of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 Due after three months through one year Due after one year through five years Total available-for-sale securities 
 Amounts outstanding under the Company s 2021 Credit Agreement of billion aggregate principal as of September 28, 2024 are subject to variable rates of interest based on current market rates, and as such, the Company believes the carrying amount of these obligations approximates fair value. The Company s 2028 Senior Notes and 2029 Senior Notes had fair values of approximately million and million, respectively, as of September 28, 2024 based on their trading prices, representing a Level 1 measurement. Refer to Note 9 for the carrying amounts of the various components of the Company's debt. 
 
 11. 
 Foreign ) 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred ) ) ) State: Current Deferred ) ) ) Foreign: Current Deferred ) ) ) 
 Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: Cynosure loss on sale and carryback ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit U.S. tax on foreign earnings ) ) Internal Restructuring 
 ) Tax credits ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Compensation Foreign rate differential ) ) ) Change in deferred tax 
 Assets held-for-sale charge 
 Change in valuation allowance Return to provision 
 ) ) ) Worthless stock deduction 
 ) Other ) ) 
 The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to a one-time tax benefit of million related to a worthless stock deduction on an investment in one of the Company s international subsidiaries recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income, and the geographic mix of income earned by the Company s international subsidiaries, and federal and state tax credits. 
 The Company's effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was higher than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the tax effect of the SSI ultrasound imaging assets held-for-sale charge, income tax reserves, the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion, and state income taxes, partially offset by the impact of the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income, and the geographic mix of income earned by our international subsidiaries. 
 The Company's effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income, reserve releases resulting from statute of limitations expirations and favorable audit settlements (net of reserve additions for uncertain tax positions), the geographic mix of income earned by the 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, or and per share to diluted net income in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The tax incentive for 100 percent exemption from income tax expires in fiscal year 2029, with the 50 percent exemption to expire in fiscal year 2033. The Company s historical practice has been to renew, extend, or obtain new tax incentive grants upon expiration of existing tax incentive grants. If the Company is not able to renew, extend, or obtain new tax incentive grants, the expiration of existing tax incentive grants could have a material impact on the Company s financial results in future periods. Incentives in fiscal years prior to 2023 were not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 Capitalized research and development 
 Non-deductible accruals Non-deductible reserves Stock-based compensation Nonqualified deferred compensation plan Lease liability Other temporary differences Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization ) ) Right of use asset ) ) ) ) 
 Under ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes (ASC 740), the Company can only recognize the future benefit of deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. After considering all available positive and negative evidence, the Company establishes a valuation allowance against specifically identified deferred tax assets because it is more-likely-than-not that these assets will not be realized. In making this determination, the Company considers numerous factors including historical profitability, estimated future taxable income and the character of such income. The valuation allowance increased million in fiscal 2024 from fiscal 2023 primarily due to valuation allowances recorded against net operating loss carryforwards of certain foreign subsidiaries. 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had million, million, and million in gross federal, state, and foreign net operating losses, respectively, million and million in federal and state credit carryforwards, respectively, and million and million in gross state and foreign capital loss carryforwards, respectively. These losses, credits, and capital loss carryforwards expire between 2025 and 2044, except for million in losses, million in credits, and million in capital loss carryforwards that have unlimited carryforward periods. The state and foreign net operating losses include million and million, respectively, and the state capital loss carryforwards include million, that the Company expects will expire unutilized. 
 The Company has determined that unremitted foreign earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested to the extent foreign earnings can be distributed without a significant tax cost. As such, the Company records foreign withholding tax liabilities related to the future repatriation of such earnings. The Company continues to indefinitely reinvest all other outside basis differences to the extent reversal would incur a significant tax liability. It is not practicable for the Company to calculate the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to such incremental tax costs on those outside basis differences. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 million from fiscal 2023 to 2024 and was primarily due to intercompany transfer pricing for ordinary business operations and increases to prior year positions, which were partially offset by reserve releases resulting from statute of limitations expirations and audit settlements. The million increase in gross unrecognized tax benefits from fiscal 2022 to 2023 was primarily due to intercompany transfer pricing for ordinary business operations and other current year positions, partially offset by reserve releases resulting from statute of limitations expirations and audit settlements. In the next twelve months it is reasonably possible that the Company will reduce its gross unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest by up to million due to expiring statutes of limitations. The timing of the ultimate resolution of the Company s examinations with relevant taxing authorities, which can include formal administrative and legal proceedings, and could have a significant impact on the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits, is difficult to predict. As a result, the Company is not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing for reversals of unrecognized income tax benefits that are under examination. 
 Tax positions related to current year: Additions Tax positions related to prior years: Additions related to change in estimate Reductions ) ) Lapses in statutes of limitations and settlements ) ) ) Balance as of the end of the fiscal year 
 As of fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 there were million, million, and million of unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the annual effective tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. During fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized million, million, and million in gross interest. The Company had gross accrued interest of million and million as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and accrued penalties were not significant. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to examination by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. The Company is currently undergoing several income tax audits including examinations by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (fiscal years 2017-2020), U.K. HM Revenue and Customs (fiscal years 2016-2022) and various state tax authorities. Excluding jurisdictions under audit, the Company s income tax returns are generally no longer subject to examination prior to fiscal year 2019. 
 Other Tax Accounting Pronouncements 
 ASU 2016-16 removes the prohibition in ASC 740 against the immediate recognition of the current and deferred income tax effects of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. In accordance with ASU 2016-16, the Company recorded a million increase to current income tax expense, and a million decrease to deferred tax expense related to an internal restructuring for the year ended September 24, 2022. The net result was an increase to net income of million, or to diluted net income per share for the year ended September 24, 2022. 
 Non-Income Tax Matters 
 The Company is subject to tax examinations for value added, sales-based, payroll and other non-income tax items. A number of these examinations are ongoing in various jurisdictions. The Company takes certain non-income tax positions in the jurisdictions in which it operates and records loss contingencies pursuant to ASC 450, Contingencies (ASC 450). In the normal course of business, the Company's positions and conclusions related to its non-income tax positions could be challenged, resulting in assessments by governmental authorities. While the Company believes estimated losses previously recorded are reasonable, certain audits are still ongoing and additional charges could be recorded in the future. 
 
 12. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

 billion of the Company s outstanding common stock, effective as of the close of trading September 23, 2022. This repurchase program replaced the previous billion authorization. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased million and million shares of its common stock for total consideration of million and million, respectively, excluding the excise tax on share repurchases of million and million, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, million remained available under this authorization. Subsequent to September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares for a total consideration of million. 
 On November 6, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of the Company s outstanding shares pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement. On November 15, 2023, the Company executed the ASR agreement with Goldman Sachs Co. Goldman Sachs pursuant to which the Company agreed to repurchase million of the Company s common stock. In connection with the launch of the ASR, on November 17, 2023, the Company paid Goldman Sachs an aggregate of million and received approximately million shares of the Company s common stock, representing of the transaction value based on the Company s closing share price on November 14, 2023. On February 27, 2024, the ASR agreement was completed, and the Company received an additional million shares for the final settlement. This final settlement was based on the total transaction value and the volume-weighted average share price of the Company s common stock during the term of the agreement. 
 On September 12, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program, with a term, to repurchase up to billion of the Company s outstanding stock. This new stock repurchase authorization is in addition to the Company s prior stock repurchase authorization. As of September 28, 2024, billion remained unused under this program. 
 On November 19, 2024, the Company executed an ASR agreement with JPMorgan Chase Co., JP Morgan pursuant to which the Company agreed to repurchase million of the Company s common stock. In connection with the launch of the ASR, on November 20, 2024, the Company paid JP Morgan an aggregate of million and received approximately million shares of the Company s common stock, representing of the transaction value based on the Company s closing share price on November 18, 2024. The final number of shares to be received under the ASR agreement will be determined upon completion of the transaction and will be based on the total transaction value and the volume-weighted average share price of our common stock during the term of the transaction. Final settlement of the transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 The Company has one share-based compensation plan pursuant to which awards are currently being issued the 2008 amended and restated Equity Incentive Plan 2008 Equity Plan ). The purpose of the 2008 Equity Plan is to provide stock options, restricted stock units and other equity interests in the Company to employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors of the Company and any other person who is determined by the Board of Directors to have made (or is expected to make) contributions to the Company. The 2008 Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company. On December 8, 2022, the Board of Directors approved an additional million shares of common stock available under the 2008 Equity Plan increasing the total shares reserved for issuance under the plan to million. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had million shares available for future grant under the 2008 Equity Plan. 
 Research and development Selling and marketing General and administrative Restructuring 
 Grant-Date Fair Value 
 The Company uses a binomial model to determine the fair value of its stock options. The Company considers a number of factors to determine the fair value of options including the assistance of an outside valuation adviser. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average exercise price Weighted-average grant date fair value Assumptions: Risk-free interest rates Expected life (in years) Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on a treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. In projecting expected stock price volatility, the Company uses a combination of historical stock price volatility and implied volatility from observable market prices of similar equity instruments. The Company estimated the expected life of stock options based on historical experience using employee exercise and option expiration data. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense Attribution 
 The Company uses the straight-line attribution method to recognize stock-based compensation expense for stock options and restricted stock units RSUs ), unless the employee meets the plan retirement provision of reaching a certain age and years of service criteria in which case the expense is accelerated to match the required service period to receive such benefit. The vesting term of stock options is generally with annual vesting of per year on the anniversary of the grant date, and RSUs generally vest over with annual vesting at per year on the anniversary of the grant date. 
 The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Under ASC 718, the Company's accounting policy is to estimate forfeitures at the time awards are granted and revise, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Based on an analysis of historical forfeitures, the Company has determined a specific forfeiture rate for certain employee groups and has applied forfeiture rates ranging from to as of September 28, 2024 depending on the specific employee group. This analysis is re-evaluated annually and the forfeiture rate adjusted as necessary. Ultimately, the actual stock-based compensation expense recognized will only be for those stock options and RSUs that vest. 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Stock compensation expense related to stock units, including RSUs, performance stock units PSUs ), free cash flow performance stock units FCFs and market stock units MSUs was million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The related tax benefit recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At September 28, 2024, there was million and million of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options and stock units, respectively, to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Share Based Payment Activity 
 Granted Canceled/ forfeited ) Exercised ) Options outstanding at September 28, 2024 Options exercisable at September 28, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest at September 28, 2024 (1) 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

 During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the total intrinsic value of options exercised (i.e., the difference between the market price on the date of exercise and the price paid by the employee to exercise the options) was million and million, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at September 28, 2024 
 The number of RSUs vested includes shares withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. The Company pays the minimum statutory tax withholding requirement on behalf of its employees. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 the total fair value of RSUs vested was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The Company granted million, million and million RSUs during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, included in the above chart, the Company also granted million, million and million PSUs during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, to members of the Company's senior management team, which includes additional shares issued upon achieving metrics within the performance criteria. Each recipient of the PSUs is eligible to receive between and of the target number of shares of the Company s common stock at the end of the performance period provided the Company s defined Return on Invested Capital metrics are achieved. The Company also granted million, million and million of FCF PSUs based on a cumulative free cash flow measure (FCF) to its senior management team in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Each recipient of FCF PSUs is eligible to receive between and of the target number of shares of the Company's common stock at the end of the or measurement periods. The PSUs and FCF PSUs were valued at , and per share based on the ending stock price on the date of grant in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The PSUs and FCF PSUs cliff-vest from the date of grant, and the Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the required service period based on its estimate of the number of shares that will vest upon achieving the measurement criteria. If there is a change in the estimate of the number of shares that are probable of vesting, the Company will cumulatively adjust compensation expense in the period that the change in estimate is made. The Company also granted million, million and million MSUs during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to its senior management team. Each recipient of MSUs is eligible to receive between and of the target number of shares of the Company s common stock at the end of the performance period based upon achieving a certain total shareholder return relative to a defined peer group. The MSUs were valued at , and per share using the Monte Carlo simulation model in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These awards cliff-vest from the date of grant, and the Company recognizes compensation expense for the MSUs ratably over the service period regardless of the measurement criteria being met. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Hologic, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2012 ESPP provides for the granting of up to million shares of the Company s common stock to eligible employees. The 2012 ESPP plan period is semi-annual and allows participants to purchase the Company s common stock at of the lower of (i) the market price per share of the common stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) the market price per share of the common stock on the purchase date. Stock-based compensation expense in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

 Expected life (in years) Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 
 13. 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 14. 
 of their annual base salary and of their annual bonus to the DCP and such employee contributions are vested. In addition, the Company may elect to make annual discretionary contributions on behalf of participants in the DCP. Each Company contribution is subject to a vesting schedule, such that each contribution vests one third annually. Employee contributions are recorded within accrued expenses. 
 Upon enrollment into the DCP, employees make investment elections for both their voluntary contributions and discretionary contributions, if any, made by the Company. Earnings and losses on contributions based on these investment elections are recorded as a component of compensation expense in the period earned. 
 Annually, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has approved a discretionary cash contribution to the DCP for each year. Discretionary contributions by the Company to the DCP are held in a Rabbi Trust. The Company records compensation expense for the DCP discretionary contributions ratably over the vesting period of each annual contribution, unless the participant meets the plan retirement provision of reaching a certain age and years of service criteria in which case the expense is accelerated to match the required service period to receive such benefit. Under the DCP, the Company recorded compensation expense related to Company contributions of million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The full amount of the discretionary contribution, net of forfeitures, along with employee deferrals is recorded within accrued expenses and totaled million and million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company has purchased Company-owned group life insurance contracts, in which both voluntary and discretionary Company DCP contributions are invested, to partially fund payment of the Company s obligation to the DCP participants. The total amount invested at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. The values of these life insurance contracts are recorded in other long-term assets. Changes in the cash surrender value of life insurance contracts, which were not significant in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, are recorded within other income (expense), net. 
 Deferred Equity Plan 
 Effective September 17, 2015, the Company adopted the Hologic, Inc. Deferred Equity Plan (the DEP ). The DEP is designed to allow executives and non-employee Directors to accumulate Company stock in a tax-efficient manner to meet their long-term equity accumulation goals and shareholder ownership guidelines. Under the DEP, eligible participants may elect to defer the settlement of stock units granted under the 2008 Equity Plan until separation from service or separation from service plus a fixed number of years. Participants may defer settlement by vesting tranche. Although the equity will vest on schedule, if deferral of settlement is elected, no shares are issued until the settlement date. The settlement date is the earlier of death, disability, change in control of the Company or separation from service plus the number of years of deferral elected by the participant. While these shares upon vesting are not distributed to the individuals and are not outstanding, these shares are included in basic weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate earnings per share. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 Fiscal 2026 
 Fiscal 2027 
 Fiscal 2028 
 Fiscal 2029 
 Thereafter Total 
 
 16. 
 plaintiffs, pending in Massachusetts state court, and the remainder in United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Discovery is ongoing. While the Company believes it has valid defenses and plans to vigorously defend its position, litigation can be costly and unpredictable, and at this early stage the Company cannot reasonably assess the outcome of this matter. 

17. 
 reportable segments: Diagnostics, Breast Health, GYN Surgical and Skeletal Health. The Company measures and evaluates its reportable segments based on segment revenues and operating income adjusted to exclude the effect of non-cash charges, such as intangible asset amortization expense and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, transaction and integration expenses for acquisitions, restructuring, consolidation and divestiture charges, litigation charges, and other one-time or unusual items. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

 intersegment revenues. 
 Breast Health GYN Surgical Skeletal Health Operating income (loss): Diagnostics Breast Health GYN Surgical Skeletal Health ) ) Depreciation and amortization: Diagnostics Breast Health GYN Surgical Skeletal Health Capital expenditures: Diagnostics Breast Health GYN Surgical Skeletal Health Corporate Identifiable assets: Diagnostics Breast Health GYN Surgical Skeletal Health Corporate 
 The Company operates in the following major geographic areas as noted in the below chart. Revenue data is based upon customer location. Other than the United States, no single country accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues. The Company s sales in Europe are predominantly derived from the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and the Netherlands. The Company s sales in Asia-Pacific are predominantly derived from China, Australia and Japan. The Rest of world designation includes Canada, Latin America and the Middle East. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

 Europe Asia-Pacific Rest of world 
 Europe Costa Rica United Kingdom 
 Rest of world 
 
 18. 
 Income and other taxes Operating leases Other 
 Operating leases Other 
 F-48 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ex46-2029notesxsecondsuppl.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 
 Exhibit 4.6 

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of July 25, 2024 among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantor Party Hereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 
 as Trustee 

3.250 Senior Notes due 2029 

This SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), entered into as of July 25, 2024, among Hologic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Hologic Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the New Guarantor ), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee entered into the Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2020 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2021, the Indenture ), relating to the Company s 3.250 Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, as a condition to the Trustee entering into the Indenture and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders, the Company agreed pursuant to the Indenture to cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to provide Guarantees in certain circumstances 
 WHEREAS, on July 11, 2024, the New Guarantor entered into a Guarantee of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.10 of the Indenture, if any Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity or an Excluded Disregarded Entity) that is a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary Guarantor, a Receivables Entity, an Excluded Disregarded Entity or an Unrestricted Subsidiary) provides a guarantee of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, then, within 60 days after such Restricted Subsidiary provides such guarantee, such Restricted Subsidiary will execute a Supplemental Indenture providing for a Subsidiary Guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary 
 WHEREAS, in order to comply with Section 4.10 of the Indenture, the New Guarantor is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture and 
 WHEREAS, the New Guarantor has agreed to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture, and to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound, the parties to this Supplemental Indenture hereby agree as follows 
 Section 1. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Indenture. 
 Section 2. The New Guarantor, by its execution of this Supplemental Indenture, agrees to be a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture and to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to Subsidiary Guarantors, including, but not limited to, Article 10 thereof. 
 Section 3. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF 
 1 

LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 
 EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE NEW GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES, THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 
 Section 4. This Supplemental Indenture may be signed in various counterparts that together will constitute one and the same instrument and shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law (ii) an original manual signature or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 
 Section 5. This Supplemental Indenture is an amendment supplemental to the Indenture and the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture will henceforth be read together. 
 Section 6. Except as expressly modified by this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, provisions, and conditions thereof. Reference to this Supplemental Indenture need not be made in the Indenture or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to, or with respect to, the Indenture, any reference in any of such items to the Indenture being sufficient to refer to the Indenture as amended hereby. 
 Section 7. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantee of the New Guarantor or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the New Guarantor. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Second Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 HOLOGIC, INC. , as Issuer 
 By s Sarah A. Rana Name Sarah A. Rana Title Vice President, Global Tax and Treasurer 
 
 HOLOGIC CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC. By s Sarah A. Rana Name Sarah A. Rana Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. , as Trustee 
 By s Chriss Reichow Name Chriss Reichow Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture (3.250 Senior Notes due 2029) 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.12>
 3
 ex412-2028notesxsixthsuppl.htm
 EX-4.12

Document 
 Exhibit 4.12 

SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of July 25, 2024 among Hologic, Inc., The Subsidiary Guarantor Party Hereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 
 as Trustee 

4.625 Senior Notes due 2028 

This SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), entered into as of July 25, 2024, among Hologic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Hologic Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the New Guarantor ), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee entered into the Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2018 (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2018, the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 9, 2018, the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 8, 2019, the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2019, and the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 18, 2021, the Indenture ), relating to the Company s 4.625 Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, as a condition to the Trustee entering into the Indenture and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders, the Company agreed pursuant to the Indenture to cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to provide Guarantees in certain circumstances 
 WHEREAS, on July 11, 2024, the New Guarantor entered into a Guarantee of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.10 of the Indenture, if any Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than a Receivables Entity or an Excluded Disregarded Entity) that is a Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary Guarantor, a Receivables Entity, an Excluded Disregarded Entity or an Unrestricted Subsidiary) provides a guarantee of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, then, within 60 days after such Restricted Subsidiary provides such guarantee, such Restricted Subsidiary will execute a Supplemental Indenture providing for a Subsidiary Guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary 
 WHEREAS, in order to comply with Section 4.10 of the Indenture, the New Guarantor is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture and 
 WHEREAS, the New Guarantor has agreed to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture, and to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound, the parties to this Supplemental Indenture hereby agree as follows 
 Section 1. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Indenture. 
 Section 2. The New Guarantor, by its execution of this Supplemental Indenture, agrees to be a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Indenture and to be bound by the terms of the Indenture applicable to Subsidiary Guarantors, including, but not limited to, Article 10 thereof. 
 Section 3. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL 

INDENTURE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 
 EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE NEW GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES, THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 
 Section 4. This Supplemental Indenture may be signed in various counterparts that together will constitute one and the same instrument and shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law (ii) an original manual signature or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 
 Section 5. This Supplemental Indenture is an amendment supplemental to the Indenture and the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture will henceforth be read together. 
 Section 6. Except as expressly modified by this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, provisions, and conditions thereof. Reference to this Supplemental Indenture need not be made in the Indenture or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to, or with respect to, the Indenture, any reference in any of such items to the Indenture being sufficient to refer to the Indenture as amended hereby. 
 Section 7. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantee of the New Guarantor or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the New Guarantor. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Sixth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 HOLOGIC, INC. , as Issuer 
 By s Sarah A. Rana Name Sarah A. Rana Title Vice President, Global Tax and Treasurer 
 
 HOLOGIC CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC. By s Sarah A. Rana Name Sarah A. Rana Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. , as Trustee 
 By s Chriss Reichow Name Chriss Reichow Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture (4.625 Senior Notes due 2028) 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-10.53>
 4
 ex1053-dewaltsevandcicx919.htm
 EX-10.53

Document 
 Exhibit 10.53 

 SEVERANCE AND 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT by and between HOLOGIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Diana De Walt (the Executive ), dated as of September 19, 2024 . 
 
 WHEREAS, the Executive serves as a senior executive of the Company 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication of the Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat, or occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company. The Board believes it is imperative to diminish the inevitable distraction of the Executive by virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by a pending or threatened Change of Control and to encourage the Executive's full attention and dedication to the Company currently and in the event of any threatened or pending Change of Control, and to provide the Executive with compensation and benefits arrangements upon a Change of Control which ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of the Executive will be satisfied and which are competitive with those of other corporations and 
 
 WHEREAS, in recognition of the Executive s role, the Company and Executive desire to enter into this Severance and Change of Control Agreement, which is consistent with the change of control and severance protection provided to the Company s most senior officers (the Agreement ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . 
 
 (a) The Effective Date shall be the first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section 1(b)) on which a Change of Control occurs. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated or the Executive ceases to be an officer of the Company prior to the date on which a Change of Control occurs, and it is reasonably demonstrated that such termination of employment (1) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect the Change of Control or (2) otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of the Change of Control, then for all purposes of this Agreement the Effective Date shall mean the date immediately prior to the date of such termination of employment. If prior to the Effective Date, the Executive s employment with the Company terminates, then the Executive shall have no further rights under this Agreement, except with respect to benefits under Section 6(e), if applicable, or unless such termination of Employment was in anticipation of the Change of Control in which case the termination shall be deemed to have occurred after the consummation of the Change of Control. 

(b) The Change of Control Period is the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on December 31, 2027 provided, that commencing on December 31, 2026 and each December 31 thereafter (each such date to be referred to as the Renewal Date ), the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended, without any further action by the Company or the Executive, so as to terminate three years from such Renewal Date provided, however that if the Company shall give notice in writing to the Executive at least thirty (30) days prior to a Renewal Date (the Pending Renewal Date ), stating that the Change of Control Period shall not be extended, then the Change of Control Period shall expire two years from the Pending Renewal Date. 
 
 2. Change of Control . For the purpose of this Agreement, a Change of Control shall mean 
 
 (a) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 30 or more of the Voting Stock of the Company provided, however, that any acquisition by the Company or its subsidiaries, or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or its subsidiaries of 30 or more of Voting Stock shall not constitute a Change in Control and provided, further, that any acquisition by a corporation with respect to which, following such acquisition, more than 50 of the Voting Stock of such corporation, is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Voting Stock immediately prior to such acquisition in substantially the same proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such acquisition, of the Voting Stock, shall not constitute a Change in Control or 
 
 (b) Any transaction which results in the Continuing Directors (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company) constituting less than a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or 
 
 (c) The consummation of (i) a Merger with respect to which all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Voting Stock immediately prior to such Merger do not, following such Merger, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the Voting Stock of the corporation resulting from the Merger (the Resulting Corporation as a result of the individuals and entities shareholdings in the Company immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, (ii) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (iii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all (as defined under Delaware General Corporation Law) of the assets of the Company excluding a sale or other disposition of assets to a subsidiary of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement Merger means a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving the Company, including without limitation as a parent of a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company effecting such transaction 
 
 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if an event that would, but for this paragraph, constitute a Change of Control results from or arises out of a purchase or 

other acquisition of the Company, directly or indirectly, by a corporation or other entity in which the Executive has a greater than ten percent (10 direct or indirect equity interest, such event shall not constitute a Change of Control. 
 
 3. Employment Period . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company hereby agrees to continue the Executive in its employ, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain in the employ of the Company, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the last day of the thirty-sixth month following the month in which the Effective Date occurs (the Employment Period ). 
 
 4. Terms of Employment . 
 
 (a) Position and Duties . 
 
 (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held, exercised and assigned at any time during the 90-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed at the location where the Executive was employed immediately preceding the Effective Date or any office or location less than 35 miles from such location. 
 
 (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to devote her full business time to the business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions and (C) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the Effective Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date. 
 
 (b) Compensation . 
 
 (i) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary Annual Base Salary ), which shall be paid monthly, having a value at least equal to twelve times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually and shall 

be increased at any time and from time to time as shall be substantially consistent with increases in base salary awarded in the ordinary course of business to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this Agreement, the term affiliated companies includes any company controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company. 
 
 (ii) Annual Bonus . In addition to Annual Base Salary, the Executive shall be awarded, for each fiscal year during the Employment Period, an annual cash bonus (the Annual Bonus which shall include, without limitation, any other annual cash bonus plan or program provided to Executive such as the Short Term Incentive Plan or any other similar plan, but shall not include any cash sign-on, relocation, retention or other special bonus or payments. in cash at least equal to the greater of (a) the average (annualized for any fiscal year consisting of less than twelve full months or with respect to which the Executive has been employed by the Company for less than twelve full months) bonus (the Average Annual Bonus paid or that has been earned and accrued, but unpaid to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies in respect of the three fiscal years immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the Effective Date occurs, (b) the Annual Bonus paid for the fiscal year immediately preceding the Effective Date, or (c) the target bonus associated with the Company achieving its 100 percent target payout level as determined in accordance with the terms of the Company s bonus plans for senior executives for the fiscal year immediately preceding the Effective Date (the Target Bonus the greater of clauses (a), (b) or (c) to be referred to as the Highest Annual Bonus for the avoidance of doubt, the determination of bonus under clause (c) above shall not be reduced for the application of the Compensation Committee s discretion to reduce such bonus or bonus funding, or increased to reflect additional amounts that may be paid or payable if the Company exceeds target. Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the 15th day of the third month of the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus pursuant to any nonqualified plan of the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any portion of Annual Base Salary or Annual Bonus electively deferred by the Executive pursuant to a qualified or a non-qualified plan including, but not limited to, the Hologic, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan or any successor thereto DCP shall be included in determining the Annual Base Salary, Annual Bonus and the Average Annual Bonus. If the fiscal year of any successor to this Agreement, as described by Section 11(c) herein, is different than the Company s fiscal year at the time of the Change of Control, then the Executive shall be paid (i) the Annual Bonus that would have been paid upon the end of Company s fiscal year ending after the Change of Control, and (ii) a pro-rata Annual Bonus for any months of service performed following the end of the Company s fiscal year, but prior to the first day of the successor s fiscal year immediately following the Change of Control. The Annual Bonuses thereafter shall be based on the successor s first full fiscal year beginning after the Change of Control and successive fiscal years thereafter. Pro Rata 

Bonus shall mean an amount equal to the Bonus Amount (average of the Annual Bonuses paid or that has been earned and accrued, but unpaid during the three full fiscal years ended prior to the Date of Termination) multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of months worked in the fiscal year through the Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 12. Any partial months shall be rounded to the nearest whole number using normal mathematical convention. 
 
 (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans . In addition to Annual Base Salary and Annual Bonus payable as hereinabove provided, the Executive shall be entitled to participate during the Employment Period in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs applicable to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with incentive, savings and retirement benefits opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the one-year immediately preceding the Effective Date, or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 
 (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, the Executive and or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its affiliated companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, salary continuance, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) and applicable to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide benefits which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans, practices, policies and programs in effect at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Effective Date, or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 
 (v) Expenses . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive upon submission of appropriate accountings in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 
 (vi) Fringe Benefits . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more 

favorable to the Executive, as in effect at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 
 (vii) Office and Support Staff . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as provided at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 
 (viii) Vacation . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation of at least five (5) weeks and in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect at any time thereafter with respect to other peer incentives of the Company and its affiliated companies. 
 
 5. Termination of Employment . 
 
 (a) Death or Disability . The Executive's employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive's death during the Employment Period. If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with Section 13(b) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate the Executive's employment. In such event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date ), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive's duties. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means the absence of the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive's legal representative (such agreement as to acceptability not to be withheld unreasonably). 
 
 (b) Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive's employment during the Employment Period for Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) an act or acts of personal dishonesty taken by the Executive and intended to result in substantial personal enrichment of the Executive at the expense of the Company, (ii) repeated violations by the Executive of the Executive's obligations under Section 4(a) of this Agreement (other than as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) which are demonstrably willful and deliberate on the Executive's part, which are committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such violations are in the best interests of the Company and which are not remedied in a reasonable period of time after receipt of written notice from the Company or (iii) the conviction of the Executive of a felony involving moral turpitude. The Company shall provide the 

Executive with 30 days written notice of any determination of Cause and provide the Executive, for a period of 30 days following such notice, with the opportunity to appear before the Board, with or without legal representation, to present arguments and evidence on her behalf and following such presentation to the Board, the Executive may only be terminated for Cause if the Board (excluding the Executive if she is a member of the Board), by unanimous consent reasonably determines in good faith that her actions did, in fact, constitute for Cause. 
 
 (c) Good Reason . The Executive's employment may be terminated during the Employment Period by the Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means 
 
 (i) A material diminution in the Executive s base compensation 
 (ii) A material diminution in the Executive s authority, duties and responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control or, if applicable, the Date of Termination 
 (iii) A material diminution in the authority, duties and responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the Executive is required to report as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control or, if applicable, the Date of Termination 
 (iv) A material change in the geographic location in which Executive s principal office was located immediately prior to the Change of Control or, if applicable, the Date of Termination 
 (v) A material diminution in the budget over which the Executive had authority immediately prior to the of the Change of Control or, if applicable, the Date of Termination 
 (vi) Any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other agreement under which the Executive provides services 
 provided, however, that Good Reason shall not exist unless the Executive has given written notice to the Company within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the Good Reason event or condition(s) giving specific details regarding the event or condition and unless the Company has had at least thirty (30) days to cure such Good Reason event or condition after the delivery of such written notice and has failed to cure such event or condition within such thirty (30) day cure period. 
 
 (d) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company for Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 13(b) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the 

Executive's employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more than fifteen days after the giving of such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executive's or the Company s rights hereunder. 
 
 (e) Date of Termination . Date of Termination means the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date (taking into account any applicable notice and cure period) specified therein, as the case may be provided however, that (i) if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause, death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, and (ii) if the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be. 
 
 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination . 
 
 (a) Death . If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive's legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for (i) payment of the sum of the following amounts (A) the Executive's Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, (B) the product of (I) the Highest Annual Bonus and (II) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the denominator of which is 365, and (C) any accrued and unpaid Annual Bonus amounts, compensation or vacation pay, in each case, to the extent not yet paid by the Company (the amounts described in subparagraphs (A), (B) and (C) are hereafter referred to as Accrued Obligations and shall be paid to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination), (ii) any other benefits or compensation payable under any employee benefit plan in accordance with the applicable plans terms, including, without limitation, any non-qualified plan or DCP (iii) for the remainder of the Employment Period, or such longer period as any plan, program, practice or policy may provide, the Company shall continue benefits to the Executive and or the Executive's family at least equal to those which would have been provided in accordance with the applicable plans, programs, practices and policies described in Section 4(b)(v) and (vi) of this Agreement as if the Executive's employment had not been terminated in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs or policies of the Company and its affiliated companies as in effect and applicable generally to other peer executives and their families during the one year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families (such continuation of such benefits for the applicable period herein set forth and such transfer of the Individual Policy shall be hereinafter referred to as Welfare Benefit Continuation for purposes of determining eligibility of the Executive for retiree benefits pursuant to such plans, practices, programs and policies, the Executive shall be 

considered to have remained employed until the end of the Employment Period and to have retired on the last day of such period), and (iv) payment to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination of an amount equal to the sum of the Executive s Annual Base Salary and the Highest Annual Bonus. Subject to the provisions of Section 9 hereof, but, otherwise, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Executive's family shall be entitled to receive benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and any of its affiliated companies to surviving families of peer executives of the Company and such affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to family death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the one year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and or the Executive's family, as in effect on the date of the Executive's death with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families. 
 
 (b) Disability . If the Executive's employment is terminated by reason of the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for (i) payment of the Accrued Obligations (which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination), (ii) the timely payment and provision of the Welfare Benefit Continuation, and (iii) payment to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination of an amount equal to the sum of the Executive s Annual Base Salary and the Highest Annual Bonus. Subject to the provisions of Section 9 hereof, but, otherwise, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies to disabled executives and or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the one year period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and or the Executive's family, as in effect at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families. 
 
 (c) Cause, Other than for Good Reason . If the Executive's employment shall be terminated by the Company for Cause or by the Executive other than for Good Reason (and other than by reason of her death or disability) during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination. In such case, such amounts shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. The Executive shall, in such event, also be entitled to any benefits required by law that are not otherwise provided by this Agreement. 
 
 (d) Termination Following a Change of Control by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason . If during the Employment Period the Executive is terminated by the Company without Cause or she resigns for Good Reason, then the Company shall pay the Executive the following 

(i) the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination all Accrued Obligations and 
 
 (ii) the Company shall pay to the Executive a lump sum amount in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination equal to the (such amount shall be hereinafter referred to as the Change of Control Payment to the product of (X) two point ninety nine (2.99) multiplied by the sum of (i) (Y) the Annual Base Salary for the fiscal year immediately preceding the Date of Termination and (ii) Highest Annual Bonus and 
 
 (iii) notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary contained herein or in any option agreement, restricted stock agreement, performance stock unit or other equity compensation agreement, between the Company and the Executive, or any stock option, restricted stock or other equity compensation plans sponsored by the Company, unless such agreement or plan expressly references and supersedes this Agreement, then all such unvested equity awards which Executive holds as of the Effective Date shall be immediately and automatically exercisable and or vested, and the Executive shall have the right to exercise any such equity awards (to the extent applicable) for the shorter of one year after the Date of Termination or the remaining term of the applicable equity award. 
 
 (e) Termination by the Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . If the Executive's employment with the Company shall be terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 5(c) without regard to whether a Change of Control has occurred) at any time prior to the Effective Date, then the Executive shall be entitled to each and all of the following 
 (i) the Company shall pay the Executive all Accrued Obligations 
 (ii) the Company shall continue to pay the Executive her Base Salary and an amount equal to the Average Annual Bonus divided by the number of payroll periods during the one year severance period for the period of one (1) year from the Date of Termination in accordance with its normal payroll practices and subject to applicable tax withholding and 
 (iii) provide the Executive and her family with the Welfare Benefit Continuation for a period of one (1) year from the Date of Termination. 
 (f) Mitigation . The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to the Executive in any subsequent employment. 
 
 (g) Other Severance Benefits . The severance pay and benefits provided for in Section 6(e) shall be in lieu of any other severance or termination pay to which the Executive may be entitled under any Company severance or termination plan, program, practice or arrangement. 

The Executive's entitlement to any other compensation or benefits shall be determined in accordance with the Company's employee benefit plans and other applicable programs, policies and practices then in effect. 
 
 7. Non-exclusivity of Rights . Except as provided in Section 6, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any benefit, bonus, incentive or other plans, programs, policies or practices, provided by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under any other agreements with the Company or any of its affiliated companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of the Company or any of its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. 
 
 8. Full Settlement . 
 
 (a) The Company's obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against the Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains other employment. 
 
 (b) Prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Company agrees to reimburse the Executive for all legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest by the Company, the Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof, if the Executive prevails in such contest. Following a Change of Control, the Company agrees to pay promptly as incurred, to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Company, the Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof. 
 
 (c) If there shall be any dispute between the Company and the Executive (i) in the event of any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company, whether such termination was for Cause, or (ii) in the event of any termination of employment by the Executive, whether Good Reason existed, then, unless and until there is a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction declaring that such termination was for Cause or that the determination by the Executive of the existence of Good Reason was not made in good faith, the Company shall pay all amounts, and provide all benefits, to the Executive and or the Executive s family or other beneficiaries, as the case may be, that the Company would be required to pay or provide pursuant to Section 6(d) as though such termination were by the Company without Cause, or by the Executive with Good Reason provided, however, that the 

Company shall not be required to pay any disputed amount pursuant to this paragraph except upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Executive to repay all such amounts to which the Executive is ultimately adjudged by such court not to be entitled. 
 
 9. 280G Protection . 
 
 (a) In the event that the Executive shall become entitled to payment and or benefits provided by this Agreement or any other amounts in the nature of compensation (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any person whose actions result in a change of ownership or effective control covered by Section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code or any person affiliated with the Company or such person) as a result of such change in ownership or effective control (collectively the Company Payments ), and such Company Payments will be subject to the tax (the Excise Tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (and any similar tax that may hereafter be imposed by any taxing authority) the Company shall pay to the Executive the greater of the following, whichever gives the Executive the highest net after-tax amount (after taking into account federal, state, local and social security taxes at the maximum marginal rates) (x) the Company Payments or (y) one dollar less than the amount of the Company Payments that would subject the Executive to the Excise Tax. In the event that the Company Payments are required to be reduced pursuant to the foregoing sentence, then the Company Payments shall be reduced as mutually agreed between the Company and the Executive or, in the event the parties cannot agree, in the following order (1) any lump sum severance based on Base Salary or Annual Bonus, (2) any other cash amounts payable to the Executive, (3) any benefits valued as parachute payments and (4) acceleration of vesting of any equity. 
 
 (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Company Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (x) the Company Payments shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all parachute payments in excess of the base amount (as defined under Code Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless and except to the extent that, in the opinion of the Company s independent certified public accountants appointed prior to any change in ownership (as defined under Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) or tax counsel selected by such accountants or the Company (the Accountants such Company Payments (in whole or in part) either expressly do not constitute parachute payments, represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of the base amount or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (y) the value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Accountants. All determinations hereunder shall be made by the Accountants which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive at such time as it is requested by the Company or the Executive. If the Accountants determine that payments under this Agreement must be reduced pursuant to this paragraph, they shall furnish the Executive with a written opinion to such effect. The determination of the Accountants shall be final and binding upon the Company and the Executive. 

(c) In the event of any controversy with the Internal Revenue Service (or other taxing authority) with regard to the Excise Tax, the Executive shall permit the Company to control issues related to the Excise Tax (at its expense), provided that such issues do not potentially materially adversely affect the Executive, but the Executive shall control any other issues. In the event the issues are interrelated, the Executive and the Company shall in good faith cooperate so as not to jeopardize resolution of either issue, but if the parties cannot agree the Executive shall make the final determination with regard to the issues. In the event of any conference with any taxing authority regarding the Excise Tax or associated income taxes, the Executive shall permit the representative of the Company to accompany the Executive, and the Executive and the Executive s representative shall cooperate with the Company and its representative. 
 
 10. Confidential Information . The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and those designated by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this Agreement. 
 
 11. Successors . 
 
 (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive's legal representatives. 
 
 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 
 (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. The Company shall provide written evidence to the Executive to document compliance with the foregoing sentence within ten (10) business days of the Effective Date. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. In addition, the Executive shall be entitled, upon exercise of any outstanding stock options or stock appreciation rights of the Company, to receive in lieu of shares of the Company s stock, shares of such stock or other securities of such 

successor as the holders of shares of the Company s stock received pursuant to the terms of the merger, consolidation or sale. 
 
 12. Compliance With Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code (hereinafter referred to as Section 409A ). This Agreement shall be administered in a manner consistent with its intent, and any provision that would cause the Agreement to fail to satisfy Section 409A shall have no force and effect until amended to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event any payment or benefit hereunder is determined to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, then to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, such payment or benefits shall not be made, provided or commenced until six (6) months after the Executive s separation from service as such phrase is defined for the purposes of Section 409A. 
 
 13. Release . The Executive agrees that, with the exception of the Accrued Obligations due to her in accordance with the terms hereunder, that the payment of any severance under this Agreement to the Executive by the Company, is subject to and conditioned on Executive executing a general release of the Company in a form and scope determined by the Company in its sole discretion (the Release Agreement ), without Executive revoking such Release Agreement within the time periods provided therein (the Consideration Period and provided that (a) if the Date of Termination occurs in one calendar year and the Consideration Period (including the payment date) expires during the following calendar year, then notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the payments of severance under Section 6(e) will be paid by the Company to the Executive in the second calendar year (b) the Executive continues to comply with the provisions of any applicable restrictive covenants and (c) prior to the expiration of the Consideration Period (i) Executive provides satisfactory evidence to the Company that she has returned all Company property, confidential information and documentation to the Company, and (ii) provides the Company with a signed written resignation of Executive s status as an officer of the Company or any of its affiliates, if applicable. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 
 
 (b) All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows 

If to the Executive 
 
 Diana De Walt 
 (at the address on record with the company) 
 
 If to the Company 
 
 Hologic, Inc. 
 250 Campus Drive 
 Marlborough, Massachusetts 02038 
 Attention Chief Executive Officer 
 
 or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notices and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. 
 
 (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 (e) The Executive's or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision hereof shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or any other provision thereof. 
 
 (f) This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Company and the Executive with respect to the rights and other benefits that the Executive shall be entitled during the Employment Period, and in connection therewith shall supersede all prior oral and written communications with the Executive with respect thereto provided , however , that the Offer Letter, and Employee Intellectual Property Rights and Non-Competition Agreement, option or other equity agreements or other employment agreement by and between the Company and Executive shall remain in full force and effect provided, however, that any non-competition covenant set forth in any such agreement shall be void. If the Company s separation policy would provide greater benefits to the Executive than this Agreement, then the Executive may elect to receive benefits under the Company s separation policy in lieu of the benefits provided hereunder. Nothing herein shall affect the application of the Company s separation policy in lieu of the benefits provided hereunder. Nothing herein shall affect the application of the Company s separation policy prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 (g) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise be provided under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, prior to the Effective Date, the employment of the Executive by the Company is at 

will and may be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, if during or prior to the Employment Period, the Executive shall terminate employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, then the Executive shall have no liability to the Company. 
 
 Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set her hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 HOLOGIC, INC. 

By s John M. Griffin 
 Name John M. Griffin 
 Title General Counsel 

EXECUTIVE 

s Diana De Walt 
 Diana De Walt 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.55>
 5
 finalex1055-formofrsuagree.htm
 EX-10.55

Document 
 Exhibit 10.55 

Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Hologic, Inc. 
 ID 04-2902449 
 250 Campus Drive 
 Marlborough, MA 01752 

______________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Participant Name Plan Hologic, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan 

_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Effective ______, you have been granted an award of ___ restricted stock units RSUs of Hologic, Inc. (the Company ). The RSUs are granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan, referenced above, and the restricted stock unit award agreement (the Award Agreement provided herewith. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement and the Plan, ______ of the RSUs will vest ____________ (the Restriction Lapse Date ), entitling you to receive one share of the Company s common stock for each RSU so vested. 
 
 By your signature and the Company's signature below, you and the Company agree that these RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement and the Company's Plan, referenced above and in the Award Agreement, all of which are attached and made a part of this document. 

______________________________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________ ___________________________ 
 Hologic, Inc. Date 
 
 ________________________________________ ___________________________ 
 Electronic Signature Date 

Hologic, Inc. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement pursuant to the Hologic, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the Plan ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Grantee desire to enter into an agreement whereby the Company will grant the Grantee Restricted Stock Units RSUs in respect of the Company s Common Stock, .01 par value per share (the Common Stock ), as set forth in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units to which this Award Agreement is attached (the Award Notice ). 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows 
 1. Grant of RSUs . Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan (which is incorporated herein by reference), the Company hereby grants to the Grantee the number of RSUs as provided in the Award Notice. The shares of Common Stock covered by these RSUs are sometimes hereinafter referred to as the RSU Shares . The number and class of securities and vesting schedule of the RSUs are subject to adjustment as set forth in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 2. Restricted Stock Units . Each RSU entitles the Grantee to receive from the Company (i) one share of Common Stock for each RSU Share vested as of a Vesting Date (as defined below) and (ii) the right to receive notional dividend equivalents, if any, each in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan. As soon as practical after a Vesting Date, the Company shall deliver the RSU Shares which have vested on that date. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . Until the Vesting Date, whenever dividends are paid or distributed with respect to the Common Stock, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive notional dividend equivalents (the Dividend Equivalents in an amount equal in value to the amount of the dividend or property distributed on a single share of Common Stock, multiplied by the number of RSUs credited to the Grantee s account as of the record date for such dividend or distribution. Payment of the notional dividend equivalents paid on RSUs will be withheld by the Company and shall be delivered to the Grantee as of the Vesting Date, if and only to the extent that the RSUs have vested as of said date, as set forth in paragraph 4. 
 4. Vesting . The RSUs granted hereby will vest on the earlier to occur of (i) the Restriction Lapse Date as provided in the Award Notice with respect to the number of shares as provided in the Award Notice for each such date, or (ii) in their entirety on the termination of the Grantee s Service (as defined below) as a result of the death or Permanent Disability (as defined in Section 23(e)(3) of the Code) of the Grantee, provided that in each such case the Grantee has remained in continuous Service through such date or termination, as applicable (the Vesting Date ). For purposes of this Agreement, the term Service shall mean service as a Service Provider to the Company and the term Service Provider shall mean an employee, officer or director of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or a consultant currently providing services to the Company or an Affiliate of the Company. Whether a termination of Service shall have occurred for purposes of this Agreement shall be determined by the Company, which determination 

shall be final, binding and conclusive. If the Grantee s Service is terminated prior to the Vesting Date, then the unvested RSUs shall terminate and Grantee shall have no further rights hereunder, including without limitation any rights to receive any Dividend Equivalents as set forth in paragraph 3. 
 5. Nontransferability. The RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement may not be transferred without the consent of the Company, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 6. No Rights Other Than Those Expressly Created . Neither this Award Agreement, the RSUs, nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as (i) giving the Grantee any right to be retained in the Service of, or continue to be affiliated with, the Company, (ii) giving the Grantee any equity or interest of any kind in any assets of the Company, or (iii) creating a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship of any kind between the Grantee and the Company. As to any claim for any unpaid amounts or distributions under this Award Agreement, any person having a claim for payments shall be an unsecured creditor. The Grantee shall not have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any RSU Shares or any Dividend Equivalents until such time as the underlying RSU has been vested and the RSU Shares have been issued. 
 7. Compliance with Laws . 
 (a) Withholding of Taxes . Pursuant to applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws, the Company may be required to collect or withhold income or other taxes from Grantee upon the Vesting Date or at some other time. The Company may require, upon the Vesting Date, or demand, at such other time as it may consider appropriate, that the Grantee pay the Company the amount of any taxes which the Company may determine is required to be collected or withheld, and the Grantee shall comply with the requirement or demand of the Company. 
 (b) Securities Law Compliance . Upon vesting (or partial vesting) of the RSUs granted hereunder, the Grantee shall make such representations and furnish such information as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be appropriate to permit the Company to issue or transfer the RSU Shares in compliance with the provisions of applicable federal, state, local or foreign securities laws. The Company, in its discretion, may postpone the issuance and delivery of RSU Shares until completion of such registration or other qualification of such shares under any federal, state, local or foreign laws, or stock exchange listing, as the Company may consider appropriate. In addition, the Company may require that prior to the issuance or transfer of RSU Shares, the Grantee enter into a written agreement to comply with any restrictions on subsequent disposition that the Company deems necessary or advisable under any applicable federal and state securities laws. The RSU Shares issued hereunder may be legended to reflect such restrictions. 
 (c) General . No RSU Shares shall be issued or Dividend Equivalents distributed upon vesting of an RSU granted hereunder unless and until the Company is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that there has been compliance with all legal requirements applicable to the issuance of such RSU Shares and or distribution of such Dividend Equivalents. 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) 409A Compliance . The Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, delay payments hereunder or make such other modifications with respect to the issuance of stock hereunder as it reasonably deems necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code and interpretative guidance thereunder. To the extent any payment hereunder is considered deferred compensation subject to the restrictions contained in 

Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A of the Code, such payment may not be made to a specified employee (as determined in accordance with a uniform policy adopted by the Company with respect to all arrangements subject to Section 409A of the Code) upon separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) before the date that is six months after the specified employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, the specified employee s death). Any payment that would otherwise be made during this period of delay shall be accumulated and paid on the sixth month plus one day following the specified employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, as soon as administratively practicable after the specified employee s death). 
 (b) Recoupment Claw-Back of Awards . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, any RSU granted under this Award Agreement (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received upon any receipt or exercise of any RSU or upon the receipt or resale of any share of Common Stock underlying the RSU) shall be subject to the terms of any compensation recoupment or claw-back policy implemented by the Company, as any such policy may be amended from time to time, and or subject to recoupment as required by any other provisions of any law (including, without limitation, Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement. The Company may reduce, cancel, or withhold against the RSUs or any other outstanding unvested or vested cash or equity based compensation owed or due to the Grantee, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in order to enforce the terms of any such clawback policy(ies). 
 (c) Discretion of the Committee . Unless otherwise explicitly provided herein, the Board of Directors of the Company, or an authorized committee thereof, shall make all determinations required to be made hereunder, including determinations required to be made by the Company, and shall interpret all provisions of this Award Agreement and the underlying RSUs, as it deems necessary or desirable, in its sole and unfettered discretion. Such determinations and interpretations shall be binding on and conclusive to the Company and the Grantee. 
 (d) Amendment . Subject to the terms of the Plan, this Award Agreement may only be modified or amended by a writing signed by both parties. 
 (e) Notices . Any notices required to be given under this Award Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, and addressed as follows 
 if to the Company 
 Hologic, Inc. 
 250 Campus Drive 
 Marlborough, MA 01752 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 if to the Grantee 
 As set forth in the records of the Company or to such other address as 
 either party may designate under the provisions hereof 
 
 (f) Entire Agreement . This Award Agreement shall supersede in its entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Grantee, whether oral or written, with respect to the RSUs granted hereunder provided however that nothing herein shall supersede any prior written 

employment or other similar written agreement, if any, that may provide, in certain circumstances, for acceleration of restricted stock units granted to the Grantee. 
 (g) Successors and Assigns . The rights and obligations of the Company under this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 (h) Applicable Law Venue Severability . All rights and obligations under this Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Award Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware, and no other courts, where the grant of the RSUs is made and or to be performed. In the event that any court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision, or any portion thereof, contained in this Award Agreement shall be unenforceable in any respect, then such provision shall be deemed limited to the extent that such court deems it enforceable, and as so limited shall remain in full force and effect. In the event that such court shall deem any such provision, or portion thereof, wholly unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. 
 (i) Paragraph Headings Rules of Construction . The paragraph headings used in this Award Agreement are for convenience of reference, and are not to be construed as part of this Award Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Award Agreement. 
 (j) Electronic Copies . The Company may choose to deliver certain materials relating to the Plan in electronic form. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Grantee consents and agrees that the Company may deliver the Plan prospectus and the Company s annual report to Grantee in an electronic format. If at any time Grantee would prefer to receive paper copies of these documents, the Company will provide such copies upon request. 
 (k) No Waiver of Rights, Powers and Remedies . No failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of the party, unless explicitly provided for herein. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Award Agreement by a party hereto, nor any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy, shall preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. 
 (l) Counterparts . The Award Notice to which this Award Agreement is a part may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by electronic or facsimile signature, each of which shall be deemed in original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.58>
 6
 ex1058-250campusdrivexseco.htm
 EX-10.58

Document 
 Exhibit 10.58 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT BECAUSE IT IS (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMISSIONS ARE MARKED . 
 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE (this Amendment is made and entered into as of October 30, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between BH GRP TCAM Owner LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Landlord and HOLOGIC, INC., a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, Landlord (as successor-in-interest to Marlborough Campus Limited Partnership and Hines Global REIT Marlborough Campus LLC) and Tenant (as successor-in- interest to Cytyc Corporation) are parties to that certain lease dated December 31, 2003, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease, dated August 23, 2017 (the Lease ), pursuant to which Landlord has leased to Tenant space currently containing 216,218 rentable square feet comprising the entire building known as Building 3 and located at 250 Campus Drive, Marlborough, Massachusetts (the Premises in that certain building complex known as The Campus at Marlborough (the Project 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord has recently performed certain structural repair and replacement work in Building 3, which work is now complete, but which required that certain common areas and areas of the Premises to be off limits to Tenant for a period of time 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are entering into this Amendment to memorialize the agreement of the parties regarding a Base Rent credit accruing to Tenant as full and final settlement of any claims under the Lease regarding Tenant s inability to use portions of the Premises during such repair and replacement work. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree to amend the Lease as follows 
 1. Recitals Capitalized Terms . All of the foregoing recitals are true and correct. All references to the Lease or this Lease or herein or hereunder or similar terms or to any sections thereof shall mean the Lease, or such section thereof, as modified by this Amendment. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Lease. 
 2. Base Rent Credit . In respect of the interruption of access to and use of certain portions of the Premises during Landlord s structural repair and replacement work referenced above, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that Tenant is entitled to a credit against the payment of monthly Base Rent next due under the Lease following the Effective Date of this Amendment in an amount equal to 

3. Ratification . Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Lease shall remain in full force and effect, and as further modified by this Amendment, is expressly ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. This Amendment contains all of the agreements of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior dealings between them with respect to such subject matter. 
 
 4. Counterparts Authority and Binding Agreement . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. The parties contemplate that they may be executing counterparts of this Amendment transmitted by e-mail or PDF and agree and intend that a signature by e-mail or PDF shall bind the party so signing with the same effect as though the signature were an original signature. Landlord and Tenant (i) intend to be bound by the signatures on any document sent by e-mail or pdf, (ii) are aware that the other party will rely on such signatures, and (iii) hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Lease based on the foregoing forms of signature. Each of Landlord and Tenant warrants to the other that the person or persons executing this Amendment on its behalf has or have authority to do so and that such execution has fully obligated and bound such party to all terms and provisions of this Amendment. This Amendment shall become effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery of this Amendment by both Landlord and Tenant. 
 
 Separate signature page to follow. 

Signature page of Amendment 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by persons hereunto duly authorized, as of the date first set forth above. 
 
 LANDLORD 
 
 BH GRP TCAM OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By s Phillip F. Dorman 
 Name Phillip F. Dorman 
 Title Managing Partner TENANT 
 HOLOGIC, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 
 By s Ed Zielinski 
 Name Ed Zielinski 
 Title VP Global Real Estate 

</EX-10.58>

<EX-10.59>
 7
 ex1059-250campusdrivexthir.htm
 EX-10.59

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.59 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS DOCUMENT BECAUSE IT IS (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMISSIONS ARE MARKED . 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE (this Amendment is made and entered into as of May 15, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and between BH GRP TCAM Owner LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Landlord and HOLOGIC, INC., a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are parties to that certain Office Lease dated December 31, 2003 (the Original Lease ), as amended by that certain First Amendment dated August 23, 2017 (the First Amendment ), and that certain Section Amendment to Lease dated October 30, 2023 (the Second Amendment together with Original Lease and First Amendment, collectively, the Lease ), pursuant to which Landlord has leased to Tenant space currently containing 216,218 rentable square feet comprising the entire building known as Building 3 and located at 250 Campus Drive, Marlborough, Massachusetts (the Premises in that certain building complex known as The Campus at Marlborough (the Project ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Term of the Lease is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2025 (the 
 Existing Expiration Date 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are entering into this Amendment to (i) extend the Term of the Lease, and (ii) amend certain other terms and conditions of the Lease. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree to amend the Lease as follows 
 1. Recitals Capitalized Terms . All of the foregoing recitals are true and correct. All 
 References to the Lease or this Lease or herein or hereunder or similar terms or to any sections thereof shall mean the Lease, or such section thereof, as modified by this Amendment. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Lease. 
 2. Extension of Term . The Term of the Lease is hereby extended for an additional period of one hundred eight (108) months (the Second Extension Term ), commencing on January 1, 2026 (the Second Extension Term Commencement Date and expiring on December 31, 2034 (the Second Extension Term Expiration Date ), unless sooner terminated 

in accordance with the Lease. The Second Extension Term shall be upon all of the same terms and conditions of the Lease in effect immediately preceding the Second Extension Term Commencement Date, except as set forth in this Amendment. Whereas Tenant is currently in 
 Second Extension Term without any obligation on the part of Landlord to perform any additions, alterations, or demolition in the Premises. 
 3. Base Rent . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, commencing on January 1, 2025 through the Second Extension Term Expiration Date, Tenant shall pay Base Rent with respect to the Premises as set forth in the following rent chart 
 
 Period 
 Annual Base Rent 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 Base Rent Per Rentable Square Foot 
 1 1 2025 
 12 31 2025 

1 1 2026 
 12 31 2026 

1 1 2027 
 12 31 2027 

1 1 2028 
 12 31 2028 

1 1 2029 
 12 31 2029 

1 1 2030 
 12 31 2030 

1 1 2031 
 12 31 2031 

1 1 2032 
 12 31 2032 

1 1 2033 
 12 31 2033 

1 1 2034 
 12 31 2034 

4. Landlord s Contribution . Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for the hard and soft costs incurred by Tenant with respect to certain Alterations Tenant intends to perform Tenant's Work in the Premises up to Landlord s Contribution provided that a requisition is submitted by Tenant in accordance with the provisions of this Section on or before December 31, 2026 (the Outside Requisition Date ). Landlord s Contribution may not be applied to costs arising from an Event of Default or from any facts or circumstances that could become an Event of Default, such as legal fees or bonding costs arising in connection with a mechanic's lien placed on the Premises or Tenant s interest therein. Tenant shall be entirely responsible for any excess. Landlord s Contribution shall be payable by Landlord to Tenant (or, at Landlord s election, directly to Tenant s contractor) upon written request, which request shall be given no more frequently than once every thirty (30) days, for such disbursement, which shall be accompanied by (i) invoices for Tenant s Work covered such requisition (ii) copies of partial lien waivers or final lien waivers (in the case of a final installment) (iii) a certificate signed by the Tenant s architect certifying that Tenant s Work represented by the aforementioned invoices has been completed substantially in accordance with plans approved by Landlord (iv) a certificate of substantial completion and as-built plans for Tenant s Work (in the case of a final installment and (v) all other information and materials reasonably requested by Landlord. Landlord shall pay each required installment within thirty (30) days of receiving the materials enumerated in the previous sentence. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may elect, by written notice to Landlord at any time prior 
 fifty percent (50 of the next due installments of Base Rent payable under the Lease, in which case, such credit elected by Tenant shall be so applied until fully utilized. 
 5. Landlord's Work . Following the Effective Date of this Amendment, Landlord will commence the replacement of rooftop units, chiller, and base building Liebert units Landlord's Work ). Landlord intends to install rooftop units and related equipment per calendar year over years, subject to delays due to product availability, Tenant delays, and Force Majeure. Landlord and Tenant shall cooperate in good faith to finalize the specifications for Landlord s Work including but not limited to equipment type, size, installation method, and schedule. 
 6. Extension Option . Tenant shall have one (1) remaining option to extend the Term of the Lease for an additional period of five (5) years, on the terms and conditions as set forth in Lease, particularly Sections 2.2 and 3.2 of Original Lease, and Section III of First Amendment. 
 7. Signage . Subject to Landlord's consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed, Tenant will have the right to install new exterior signage using Tenant's standard graphics on the exterior of Building 3 of a size and in a location acceptable to Landlord, provided however, Tenant complies with the obligations under Article 23 of Original Lease. 
 
 8. Permitted Transfer . Subclause (z) of Section 14.6 of Original Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted in its place (z) the successor entity has a tangible net worth at least equal to or greater than the tangible net worth of Tenant immediately prior to such transfer, as evidenced by audited financial statements provided to Landlord by Tenant. 
 
 9. Brokerage . With respect to this Amendment, each of Landlord and Tenant represents and warrants that it has dealt with no brokers in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Amendment, other than Newmark and Kelleher & Sadowsky Associates, Inc. (the Brokers ). Tenant shall indemnify Landlord against all costs, expenses, reasonable attorneys fees and other liability for commissions and other compensation claimed in connection 
 with this Amendment by any other broker or agent, other than the Brokers, claiming the same by, through or under Tenant. Landlord shall indemnify Tenant against all costs, expenses, reasonable with this Amendment by any other broker or agent claiming the same by, through or under Landlord. Landlord shall be responsible for payment of any fees or commissions due to the Brokers pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement. 
 
 10. Ratification . Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Lease shall remain in full force and effect, and as further modified by this Amendment, is expressly ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, subject to the provisions of the Lease regarding assignment and subletting. 

11. Governing Law Interpretation and Partial Invalidit y. This Amendment shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. If any term of this Amendment, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Amendment, or the application of such term to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term of this Amendment shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. This Amendment contains all of the agreements of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior dealings between them with respect to such subject matter. 

12. Counterparts Authority and Binding Agreement . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment as a .PDF or similar attachment to an email or execution via an electronic signature application (such a DocuSign) shall constitute effective delivery of this Amendment by the party so delivering the same for all purposes as delivery of an executed original counterpart. Each of Landlord and Tenant warrants to the other that the person or persons executing this Amendment on its behalf has or have authority to do so and that such execution has fully obligated and bound such party to all terms and provisions of this Amendment. This Amendment shall become effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery of this Amendment by both Landlord and Tenant. 
 
 13. Tenant Representations . As a material inducement to Landlord entering into this Amendment, Tenant represents and certifies to Landlord that, as of the Effective Date of this Amendment (i) the Lease, as modified hereby, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto relating to the Premises and that there are no other agreements between the parties relating to the Premises, the Lease, or the Building which are not contained or referred to herein or in the Lease, (ii) Landlord is not in default in any respect in any of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Lease (iii) Tenant has no existing setoffs, counterclaims, or defenses against Landlord under the Lease and (iv) Tenant has not assigned or pledged its leasehold interest under the Lease, or sublet or licensed or granted any other occupancy rights with respect to any or all of the Premises. 

Signatures on following page(s). 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by persons hereunto duly authorized, as of the date first set forth above. 
 LANDLORD 
 
 BH GRP TCAM OWNER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By s Phillip F. Dorman 
 Name Phillip F. Dorman Title Managing Partner 
 TENANT 
 HOLOGIC, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By s Scott Christensen 
 Name Scott Christensen 
 Title Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, Quality and Regulatory 

Signature page of Amendment 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-19>
 8
 ex19-hologicxinsidertradin.htm
 EX-19

Document 
 Exhibit 19.0 

 HOLOGIC, INC. 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 (As Amended June 13, 2024) 
 Introduction 
 Hologic, Inc. (the Company has adopted this Policy to prevent violations of U.S. insider trading laws by Company employees, officers and directors and to avoid even the appearance of improper conduct by these persons. This Policy also applies to others, such as contractors or consultants who have access to material non-public information, whom the Company has notified (such persons, together with employees, officers, and directors, Company Personnel ). 
 This Policy also applies to family members who reside with Company Personnel, anyone else who lives in the household of Company Personnel, and any family members who do not live in the household of Company Personnel but whose transactions in Company securities are directed by Company Personnel or are subject to the influence or control of Company Personnel, such as parents or children who consult with Company Personnel before trading in Company securities (collectively referred to as Family Members ). This Policy also applies to corporations, trusts, or other entities controlled, influenced or managed by Company Personnel or their Family Members (collectively referred to as Controlled Entities , together with Company Personnel and Family Members, Insiders ). You will be responsible for ensuring that securities transactions by any Family Members and Controlled Entities comply with this Policy. 
 The Company s general counsel has been designated by the Company as the initial Compliance Officer for administering this Policy, and any questions regarding interpretation of the Policy should be addressed to him. The Compliance Officer shall have the authority to designate from time to time one or more other representatives of the Company to act in concert with him or in his place with respect to the administration and interpretation of the Policy. The Company may from time to time designate other persons as the Compliance Officer for administering this Policy. 
 1. Prohibitions . 
 (a) No Trading on Inside Information . An Insider may not trade in the securities of the Company, directly or through family members or other persons or entities, while such Insider is aware of material non-public information relating to the Company (except pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, as described in Section 5 below). Similarly, an Insider may not trade in the securities of any other company if such Insider is aware of material non-public information about that company that such Insider obtained in the course of such Insider s employment or relationship with the Company. 

(b) No Tipping . An Insider may not disclose material non-public information to others or recommend that anyone trade any securities when such Insider is aware of such information. This practice, known as tipping, violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, whether or not you receive any benefit from the other person s use of that information. This policy against tipping applies to information about the Company and its securities, as well as to information about other companies when an Insider obtains material non-public information about such other company as a result of the Insider s employment or relationship with the Company. 
 (c) Disclosure of Information to Others . The Company is required under Regulation FD of the Securities and Exchange Commission to avoid the selective disclosure of material non public information. The Company has established procedures for releasing material information in a manner that is designed to achieve broad public dissemination of the information immediately upon its release. You may not, therefore, disclose material non-public information to anyone outside the Company, including family members and friends, other than in accordance with those procedures. You also may not discuss material non-public information about the Company or its business in an internet chat room or similar internet-based forum (including social media). 
 (d) General . You may not assist anyone who is engaged in any of the above activities. In addition to applying to the Company s securities, these prohibitions apply to information about and securities of other companies with which the Company has a relationship and as a result of which you may acquire material non-public information, e.g., customers, suppliers, licensees, licensors, joint venturers or companies with which the Company is considering entering into or terminating a material business relationship or other material transaction. 
 (e) Trading and Transactions . For purposes of this Policy, references to trading and transactions in Company securities (including the Company s common stock, options to purchase common stock, or any other type of securities that the Company may issue, as well as derivative securities that are not issued by the Company) include, among other things 
 purchases and sales of Company securities in public markets or private transactions 
 sales of Company securities obtained through the exercise of employee stock options granted by the Company, including broker assisted cashless exercise (i.e., the broker selling some or all of the shares underlying the option on the open market) or 
 making gifts of Company securities (including charitable donations). 
 Conversely, references to trading and transactions do not include 
 the exercise of Company stock options if no shares are to be sold. However, if there is a net exercise (i.e., the use of the underlying shares to pay the exercise price and or tax withholding obligations), the exercise is still subject 

to pre-clearance procedures described under Section 14(a) below, if applicable 
 the vesting of Company stock options, restricted stock or restricted stock units 
 the withholding of shares to satisfy a tax withholding obligation upon the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units 
 transferring shares to an entity that does not involve a change in the beneficial ownership of the shares (for example, transferring shares from one brokerage account to another brokerage account controlled by the Insider) 
 sales of the Company s securities as a selling stockholder in a registered public offering in accordance with applicable securities laws or 
 any other purchase of Company securities from the Company or sales of Company securities to the Company in accordance with applicable securities and state laws. 
 2. Penalties . If you engage in any of the above activities, you may subject yourself, the Company, its officers and directors and other supervisory personnel to civil and criminal liability under United States securities law. 
 (a) Civil and Criminal Penalties . Potential penalties for insider trading or tipping violations include but are not limited to (1) imprisonment for up to 20 years, (2) criminal fines of up to 5,000,000, and (3) civil fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided. 
 (b) Controlling Person Liability . If the Company fails to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal insider trading, the Company may have controlling person liability for a trading violation, with civil penalties of up to the greater of approximately 2.56 million (subject to adjustment for inflation) and three times the profit gained or loss avoided, as well as a criminal penalty of up to 25 million. The civil penalties can extend personal liability to the Company s directors, officers and other supervisory personnel if they fail to take appropriate steps to prevent insider trading. 
 (c) Company Sanctions . Failure to comply with this Policy may also subject you to Company-imposed sanctions, up to and including termination for cause, whether or not your failure to comply with this Policy results in a violation of law. 
 3. Definitions and Examples . 
 (a) Material Information . Information is generally regarded as material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider the information important in deciding whether to buy, sell or hold a security or if disclosure of the information is likely to affect the market price of a security. 
 Examples . Material information may relate to Hologic or one of its customers, business partners or suppliers. It may include information relating to financial forecasts and 

guidance earnings, cash flows, or other financial results liquidity, impairments or other charges tax rates a pending merger, acquisition, disposition or joint venture a substantial contract award or termination a major lawsuit or claim a significant restructuring program changes in dividend policy or buyback program significant product developments significant regulatory approvals or clearances the gain or loss of a significant customer or supplier significant government or internal investigations changes in leadership the board of directors audit matters current or potential Hologic stockholders significant actual or potential cybersecurity incidents interruptions of business labor negotiations major environmental incidents or changes in credit ratings. 
 Material information need not be something that has happened or definitely will happen information that something is likely to happen, or even just that it may happen, may be considered material. Material information may be positive or negative. Materiality determinations are often challenged with the benefit of hindsight and therefore any question about whether particular information is material should be resolved in favor of not trading. 
 (b) Non-public Information . Non-public information is any information that is not available to the general public. Information is considered public if it is communicated by the Company by press release, SEC filing, official news releases on the Company s website, or public conference calls and webcasts (for which adequate advance notice has been given). Even after the information is publicly announced, adequate time must pass for the market to become fully aware of the information before it is considered to be public (generally 24 hours). The fact that rumors, speculation, or statements attributed to unidentified sources are public is insufficient to be considered widely disseminated even when the information is accurate. 
 If you have any question as to whether particular information is material or non-public, you should not trade or communicate the information to anyone, without prior approval by the Compliance Officer. 
 4. Restrictions on Hedging, Pledging and Short-Term Trading . The Company has determined that there is a substantial likelihood of the appearance of improper conduct by Insiders when they engage in (i) hedging or monetization transactions, through transactions in the Company s securities or through the use of financial instruments designed for such purpose and (ii) short term or speculative transactions in the Company s securities. Therefore, the following restrictions apply with respect to Company securities 
 (a) Insiders are prohibited from hedging or entering into other similar arrangements with respect to the Company s securities, including, without limitation (i) short sales (Section 16(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act also prohibits officers and directors of the Company from engaging in short sales of Company stock) and (ii) buying or selling puts, calls, or other derivative securities except for those options that might be offered to you by the Company 
 (b) Insiders are prohibited from holding Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan and 

(c) Short-term trading of Company securities may unduly focus Company Personnel on the Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives, and frequent trading in Company securities can create an appearance of wrongdoing even if the decision to trade was based solely on public information such as stock price ranges and other market events. In addition, daily or frequent trading in any company s securities, which can be time-consuming and distracting, is strongly discouraged. For all of these reasons, Insiders are strongly discouraged from selling any Company securities during the six months following a purchase, and should not purchase any Company securities during the six months following a sale, as applicable. Directors and officers are prohibited from short-term trading in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (d) Standing and limit orders create heightened risks for insider trading violations because there is no control over the timing of purchases or sales that result from standing instructions to a broker, and as a result the broker could execute a transaction after an Insider has come into possession of material nonpublic information. Insiders are strongly discouraged from placing standing or limit orders on Company securities. If an Insider determines that they must use a standing order or limit order, the order should be limited to two trading days. 
 5. Rule 10b5-1 Plans 
 Trades that are executed pursuant to a pre-cleared Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan are not subject to the prohibition on trading on the basis of material non-public information contained in Section l(a) of this Policy or, if applicable, to the restrictions set forth in the Company s pre-clearance procedures and blackout periods. 
 Rule 10b5-1 provides an affirmative defense from insider trading liability under the U.S. federal securities laws for trading plans that meet certain requirements (referred to as a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan ). In addition to complying with requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, under this Policy, the adoption, amendment or termination of a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must meet the requirements set forth in Appendix A , Guidelines for Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans . 
 6. No Other Exceptions . Other than as set forth in Sections 5 and 14 herein, there are no exceptions to the prohibitions and restrictions set forth in this Policy. Transactions in the Company s securities that are otherwise necessary for personal reasons, such as personal financial commitments or emergencies, do not excuse you from compliance with this Policy and are prohibited if you possess material non-public information. It is important to note that the Securities and Exchange Commission takes the view that the mere fact that you are aware of material non-public information is enough to bar you from trading it is no excuse that your reasons for trading were not based on that information. 
 7. Inadvertent Disclosure . If material non-public information is inadvertently disclosed by any employee, officer or director, you should immediately report the facts to the Compliance Officer so that the Company may take appropriate remedial action. 

8. Post-Termination Transactions . This Policy continues to apply to your transactions in Company securities after you have terminated your employment or other connections to the Company and its affiliates until the latest of such time as you are no longer in possession of material non-public information or such time as such information has become public or is no longer material. 
 9. Company Transactions . From time to time, the Company may engage in transactions in its own securities. It is the Company s policy to comply with all applicable securities and state laws (including appropriate approvals by the Board of Directors or appropriate committee, if required) when engaging in transactions in Company securities. 
 10. Company Assistance . If you have any question about specific information or proposed transactions, or as to the applicability or interpretation of this Policy or the propriety of any desired action, you are encouraged to contact the Compliance Officer. 
 11. Confidentiality Guidelines . To provide more effective protection against the disclosure of material non-public information, the Compliance Officer can provide additional guidelines and if you have any doubt as to your responsibilities, please seek clarification and guidance from the Compliance Officer before you act. Do not try to resolve any uncertainties on your own. 
 12. Personal Responsibility . The ultimate responsibility for adhering to this Policy and avoiding improper trading lies with you. If you violate this Policy, you may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination for cause. 
 13. Certification . All employees will be required to certify their understanding of and intent to comply with this Policy by means of the Certification attached hereto. Covered Persons (as defined below) may be required to certify on an annual basis that they have complied with this Policy. 
 14. Additional Provisions Applicable to Certain Persons 
 (a) Pre-clearance of all Transactions by Covered Persons . 
 (i) General . All executive officers and members of the Company s Board of Directors, employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries serving at the level of Senior Vice President and above and those employees who have been designated by the Company as significant employees, and their respective Family Members and Controlled Entities (collectively, the Covered Persons ), must obtain the prior clearance of the Compliance Officer for any transactions they conduct in the Company s securities. This section regarding pre-clearance is applicable only to the Covered Persons . 
 (ii) Procedure . A request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the Compliance Officer of the Company at least two trading days in advance of the proposed transaction. The Compliance Officer of the Company is under no obligation to clear a trade submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the trade. The responsibility for pre-clearing transactions may be delegated to anyone permitted by the Board of Directors of the 

Company. The Compliance Officer s requests shall be submitted to the Chief Financial Officer. Regardless of who is selected to serve as the pre-clearer, the pre-clearer must always be kept fully informed of material developments. Unless revoked or otherwise specified, trade clearances are valid only for 48 hours from the time provided. If a transaction is not completed within this period, the transaction must be approved again before it may be executed. If a proposed transaction is not approved under the preclearance policy, the Covered Person should refrain from initiating any transaction in Company securities and should not inform anyone within or outside of the Company of the restriction. 
 (b) Blackout Periods . 
 (i) Quarterly Blackout Periods . Quarterly blackout periods apply to all Covered Persons, members of the Company s accounting and finance teams serving at the level of manager and above, employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries serving at the level of Vice President and above and any other persons designated from time to time by the Company (generally individuals who, in the normal course of their duties, have or are likely to have regular or special access to material, non-public information regarding Hologic) (the Blackout Group ). During quarterly blackout periods, members of the Blackout Group are prohibited from trading in Company securities. Quarterly blackout periods begin two weeks prior to the end of the Company s fiscal quarter or year end and end after the second full trading day following the Company s issuance of its quarterly or annual earnings press release. For example, if the Company announced its financial earnings before trading began on a Tuesday, you could buy or sell Company securities at the opening of the market on Thursday (assuming you were not then aware of other material non public information). However, if the Company announced its earnings after the start of trading on a Tuesday, the earliest you could buy or sell the Company s securities would be the start of trading on Friday. Members of the Blackout Group, including any specifically designated individuals, will be notified by the Company prior to the beginning of each quarterly blackout period. 
 (ii) Event-Specific Blackout Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few Company Personnel. In such events, while such material non-public information is pending, the Company may impose event-specific blackout periods during which Covered Persons and any other persons who have been notified by the Compliance Officer of the Company that he she is subject to the event-specific blackout may not trade in the Company s securities. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced except to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the blackout. If, however, a person whose trades are subject to pre-clearance requests permission to trade in the Company s securities at a time when an event-specific blackout is in effect, the Compliance Officer of the Company will inform the requester of the existence of a blackout period without necessarily disclosing the reason for the blackout. Any person made aware of the existence of an event-specific blackout should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other person. The failure of the Compliance Officer of the Company to designate a person as being subject to an event-specific blackout will not relieve that person of the obligation not to trade while aware of material non public information. 

(iii) Hardship Exceptions . A person who is subject to a quarterly earnings blackout period and who has an unexpected and urgent need to sell Company securities in order to generate cash may, in rare, but appropriate circumstances, be permitted to sell even during the blackout period. Hardship exceptions may be granted by the Compliance Officer of the Company only if the Compliance Officer concludes the person does not in fact possess material nonpublic information and must be requested at least two days in advance of the proposed trade. Under no circumstance will a hardship exception be granted during an event specific blackout period. 
 This Policy is dated June 13, 2024 and supersedes any previous policy of the Company concerning insider trading. 

CERTIFICATION 
 I have read and understand the Company s Insider Trading Policy (the Policy dated June 13, 2024 I understand that the Company s Compliance Officer is available to answer any questions I have regarding the Policy. I agree to comply with the Policy in all respects during my employment or other relationship with the Company. I understand that my failure to comply in all respects with the Policy is a basis for termination for cause of my employment or other relationship with the Company. 
 Date _______________ Signature __________________________ Name _____________________________ 
 (please print) 

Exhibit 19.0 

 Appendix A 
 
 Guidelines for Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 As discussed in the Policy, Rule 10b5-1 provides an affirmative defense from insider trading liability. In order to be eligible to rely on this defense, Insiders must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan for transactions in Company securities that meets certain conditions specified in Rule 10b5-1. Capitalized terms used in these guidelines without definition have the meaning set forth in the Policy. 
 These guidelines are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the requirements and conditions of Rule 10b5-1. The Compliance Officer will interpret and administer these guidelines for compliance with Rule 10b5-1, the Policy and the requirements below. No personal legal or financial advice is being provided by the Compliance Officer regarding any Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan or proposed trades. Insiders remain ultimately responsible for ensuring that their Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans and contemplated transactions fully comply with applicable securities laws. It is recommended that Insiders consult with their own attorneys or other advisors about any contemplated Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. Note that for any director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended, together with directors, Section 16 Persons ), the Company is required to disclose the material terms of his or her Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan (and may be required to disclose the material terms of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans of Family Members and Controlled Entities of such persons), other than with respect to price, in its periodic report for the quarter in which the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan is adopted, modified, or terminated (as described below). 
 1. Pre-Clearance Requirement. The Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Compliance Officer (or, in the case of the Compliance Officer, by the Chief Financial Officer) at least two trading days prior to the entry into the plan in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Policy and these guidelines. The Company may require that Insiders use a standardized form of Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. 
 2. Time of Adoption. Subject to pre-clearance requirements described above, the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must be adopted at a time 
 When the Insider is not aware of any material non-public information and 
 If the Insider is subject to Section 14(b) of the Policy, when a blackout period is not in effect. 
 3. Plan Instructions. Any Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan adopted by any Insider must be in writing, signed, and either 
 specify the amount, price and date of the sales (or purchases) of Company securities to be effected 
 provide a written formula, algorithm or computer program for determining when to sell (or purchase) the Company s securities, the quantity to sell (or purchase) and the price or 
 A - 1 

delegate decision-making authority with regard to these transactions to a broker or other agent without any material non-public information about the Company or its securities. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Insiders may not subsequently influence how, when, or whether to effect purchases or sales with respect to the securities subject to an approved and adopted Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. 
 4. No Hedging. Insiders may not have entered into or altered a corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the securities subject to the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan and must agree not to enter into any such transaction while the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan is in effect. 
 5. Good Faith Requirements. Insiders must enter into the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rules 10b-5 and 10b5-1. Insiders must act in good faith with respect to the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan for the entirety of its duration. 
 6. Certifications for Section 16 Persons. Section 16 Persons and their Family Members and Controlled Entities that enter into Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans must certify that they are (1) not aware of any material non-public information about the Company or the Company securities and (2) adopting the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rules 10b-5 and 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 
 7. Cooling Off Periods. The first trade under the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan may not occur until the expiration of a cooling-off period as follows 
 For Section 16 Persons (as well as their Family Members and Controlled Entities), the later of (1) two business days following the filing of the Company s Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the completed fiscal quarter in which the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan was adopted and (2) 90 calendar days after adoption of the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan provided, however, that the required cooling-off period shall in no event exceed 120 days. 
 For other Insiders, 30 days after adoption of the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. 
 8. No Overlapping Rule 10b5-1 Plans. An Insider may not enter into overlapping Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans (subject to certain exceptions). Please consult the Compliance Officer with any questions regarding overlapping Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans. 
 9. Single Transaction Plans. An Insider may not enter into more than one Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan designed to effect the open-market purchase or sale of the total amount of securities as a single transaction during any rolling 12-month period (subject to certain exceptions). A single-transaction plan is designed to effect the purchase or sale of securities as a single transaction when the terms of the plan would, for practical purposes, directly or indirectly require execution in a single transaction. 
 A - 2 

10. Modifications and Terminations. Modifications amendments and terminations of an existing Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan are strongly discouraged due to legal risks, and can affect the validity of trades that have taken place under the plan prior to such modification amendment or termination. Under Rule 10b5-1 and these guidelines, any modification amendment to the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities underlying the Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan will be deemed to be a termination of the current Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan and adoption of a new Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. If an Insider is considering administerial changes to a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, such as changing the account information, the Insider should consult with the Compliance Officer in advance to confirm that any such change does not constitute an effective termination of the plan. 
 As such, the modification amendment of an existing Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Compliance Officer in accordance with pre-clearance procedures set forth in the Policy and these guidelines, and will be subject to all the other requirements set forth in Sections 2 -9 of these guidelines regarding the adoption of a new Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan. 
 The termination (other than through an amendment or modification) of an existing Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Compliance Officer in accordance with pre-clearance procedures set forth in the Policy and these guidelines. The Compliance Officer will not approve the termination of a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan unless 
 The Insider is not aware of any material non-public information and 
 If the Insider is subject to Section 14(b) of the Policy, a blackout period is not in effect. 
 
 A - 3 

</EX-19>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 ex211-subsidiariesofhologi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Hologic Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Acessa Health Inc. Delaware Beijing Hologic Technology Co., Ltd. China Benassar Diagnostica-Equipamientos Medicos Unipessoal, Lda. Portugal Bioptics, Inc. Arizona Biotheranostics, Inc. Delaware Bolder Surgical Holdings, Inc. Delaware Bolder Surgical, LLC Colorado Cytyc Corporation Delaware Cytyc Prenatal Products Corp. Delaware Cytyc Surgical Products, LLC Massachusetts Diagenode Co., Ltd. Japan Diagenode SA Belgium Diagenode, LLC Delaware Emsor, Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada Spain Endomagnetics GmbH Germany Endomagnetics Ltd. United Kingdom Endomagnetics SAS France Endomagnetics, Inc. Delaware Faxitron Bioptics, LLC Delaware Genewave SAS France Gen-Probe Incorporated Delaware Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. Wisconsin Health Beacons, Inc. Washington Hologic (Australia & New Zealand) Pty Ltd. Australia Hologic (Hainan) Medical Co., Ltd. China Hologic Asia Pacific Limited Hong Kong Hologic Austria GmbH Austria Hologic BV Belgium Hologic Bermuda Holding Limited Bermuda Hologic Bermuda Holding 2 Limited Bermuda Hologic Bermuda Limited Bermuda Hologic Canada ULC Canada Hologic Capital Holdings, Inc. Delaware Hologic Denmark ApS Denmark Hologic Deutschland GmbH Germany Hologic Espana S.A. Spain Hologic Finance Ltd. Bermuda Hologic France SARL France Hologic GGO 2, LLC Delaware Hologic GGO 3 LLP United Kingdom Hologic GGO 4 LTD United Kingdom Hologic Global Holding LTD United Kingdom Hologic Hitec-Imaging GmbH Germany 

Hologic Holdings Limited United Kingdom Hologic HUB LTD United Kingdom Hologic Iberia, S.L. Spain Hologic India LLP India Hologic International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Hologic IP LTD United Kingdom Hologic Ireland Limited Ireland Hologic Italia S.r.l. Italy Hologic Japan KK Japan Hologic Korea Ltd. Korea Hologic Latin America (Servicos Em Marketing E Negocios) Ltda. Brazil Hologic Ltd. United Kingdom Hologic Malaysia SDN. BHD. Malaysia Hologic (Shanghai) Medical Supplies Co., Ltd. China Hologic Medical Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Hologic Medicor Suisse GmbH Switzerland Hologic MENA, Technical and Scientific Office Saudi Arabia Hologic Middle East, Dubai Dubai Hologic Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Hologic Nordic Holdings Oy Finland Hologic Sales and Service, LLC Massachusetts Hologic Singapore Pte. Ltd Singapore Hologic Suisse SA Switzerland Hologic Surgical Products Costa Rica, S.R.L. Costa Rica Hologic Sweden AB Sweden Hologic Swiss Group GmbH Switzerland Hologic Taiwan Ltd. Taiwan Hologic UK Finance Ltd. United Kingdom Hologic US Finance Co LLC Delaware Mobidiag Oy Finland Mobidiag Sverige AB Sweden Mobidiag UK Ltd. United Kingdom Navigation Three Limited Hong Kong Normedi AB Sweden Normedi Danmark ApS Denmark Normedi Finland OyAb Finland Normedi Nordic AS Norway Normedi Norge AS Norway Somatex (HK) Limited China Somatex Medical Technologies GmbH Germany SuperSonic Imagine (Shanghai) Medical Devices Co., Ltd. China Suros Surgical Systems, Inc. Delaware TCT International Co., Ltd. British Virgin Islands 
 
 Subsidiaries not included in the list are omitted because, in aggregate, they are insignificant as defined by Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 holxq4-2024ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-268392) pertaining to Hologic, Inc. s shelf registration statement for common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, rights, warrants, purchase contracts, units or any combination of the foregoing, and 
 
 (2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-271581, 333-150796, 333-181126, 333-188468, 333-210968, 333-224613) pertaining to the equity incentive plans and employee stock purchase plan of Hologic, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated November 27, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hologic, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hologic, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Hologic, Inc. for the year ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts November 27, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 holxq4-2024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen P. MacMillan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hologic, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 27, 2024 
 
 s Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 holxq4-2024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Karleen M. Oberton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hologic, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 27, 2024 
 
 s Karleen M. Oberton Karleen M. Oberton Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 holxq4-2024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 I, Stephen P. MacMillan, Chief Executive Officer of Hologic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), that 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2024 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 27, 2024 
 s Stephen P. MacMillan Stephen P. MacMillan Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO HOLOGIC, INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY HOLOGIC, INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 holxq4-2024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 I, Karleen M. Oberton, Chief Financial Officer of Hologic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), that 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2024 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 27, 2024 
 s Karleen M. Oberton Karleen M. Oberton Chief Financial Officer 
 A SIGNED ORIGINAL OF THIS WRITTEN STATEMENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO HOLOGIC, INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY HOLOGIC, INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 holx-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 holx-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 holx-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 holx-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 holx-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

