<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241003_10-K_edgar_data_1592057_0001592057-24-000036.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21230538</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>984254</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2877097</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9821990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3505695</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3471177</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001592057-24-000036.hdr.sgml : 20241003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241003171311
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001592057-24-000036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enviva Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LUMBER & WOOD PRODUCTS (NO FURNITURE) [2400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				464097730
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37363
		FILM NUMBER:		241352560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 657-5560

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Enviva Partners, LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001592057-24-000036.txt : 20241003

10-K
 1
 eva-20231231.htm
 10-K

eva-20231231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____ to ____ Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2023 was approximately based upon a closing price of 10.85 per share of the registrant s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 As of September 23, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIVA INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10 K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 1 
 Glossary of Terms 
 3 
 Part I 
 4 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 1 C . 
 Cybersecurity 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 Part II 
 34 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 104 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 104 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 109 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 Part III 
 110 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 121 
 Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 140 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 141 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 144 
 Part IV 
 145 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 145 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements and information in this Annual Report on Form 10 K (this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, intend, foresee, should, would, could, or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. Although management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on our forecasts of our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: 
 our ability to successfully complete a restructuring under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code; 
 potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on our liquidity and results of operations (including the availability of operating capital during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases); 
 our ability to obtain timely approval by the Bankruptcy Court with respect to the motions and applications filed in the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 objections to our restructuring process, the DIP Financing (as defined below) or debtor-in-possession financing, or other pleadings filed or any appeals of orders relating thereto) that could protract or increase the cost of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 employee attrition and our ability to retain senior management and other key personnel due to distractions and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases, including our ability to provide adequate compensation and benefits during the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 our ability to maintain relationships with vendors, customers, employees, and other third parties and regulatory authorities as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 our ability to comply with the conditions of the DIP Financing, the RSA (as defined below) and other financing and restructuring arrangements; 
 the effects of the bankruptcy petitions on the Company and on the interests of various constituents, including our stockholders; 
 the length of time that we will operate under the protections of the Bankruptcy Code and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, which may interfere with our ability to consummate a restructuring in accordance with the timeline prescribed by the RSA or at all; 
 increased administrative and legal costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases and other litigation and inherent risks involved in a bankruptcy process; 
 our ability to successfully execute cost-reduction and productivity initiatives on the anticipated timeline or at all; 
 our ability to successfully renegotiate contracts with customers on anticipated rates or at all; 
 the volume and quality of products that we are able to produce or source and sell, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, operating or technical difficulties at our wood pellet production plants or deep-water marine terminals; 
 the prices at which we are able to sell our products, including changes in spot prices; 
 our ability to capitalize on higher spot prices and contract flexibility in the future, which is subject to fluctuations in pricing and demand; 
 impairment of other long-lived assets; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 failure of our customers, vendors, and shipping partners to pay or perform their contractual obligations to us; 
 our inability to successfully execute our project development, capacity expansion, and new facility construction activities on time and within budget; 
 the creditworthiness of our contract counterparties; 
 the amount of low-cost wood fiber that we are able to procure and process, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, disruptions in supply or operating or financial difficulties suffered by our suppliers; 
 changes in the price and availability of natural gas, coal, diesel, oil, gasoline, or other sources of energy; 
 changes in prevailing domestic and global economic, political, and market conditions, including the imposition of tariffs or trade or other economic sanctions, political instability or armed conflict, rising inflation levels and government efforts to reduce inflation, or a prolonged recession; 
 inclement or hazardous environmental conditions, including extreme precipitation, temperatures, and flooding; 
 fires, explosions, or other accidents; 
 changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations (or the interpretation thereof) related to renewable or low-carbon energy, the forestry products industry, the international shipping industry, or power, heat, or combined heat and power generators; 
 changes in domestic and foreign tax laws and regulations affecting the taxation of our business, and investors; 
 changes in the regulatory treatment of biomass in core and emerging markets; 
 our inability to acquire or maintain necessary permits or rights for our production, transportation, or terminaling operations; 
 changes in the price and availability of transportation; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange or interest rates and the failure of any hedging arrangements to effectively reduce our exposure to related risks; 
 our failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our wood pellet production plants and deep-water marine terminals, which could lead to the rejection of our products by our customers; 
 changes in the quality specifications for our products required by our customers; 
 labor disputes, unionization, or similar collective actions; 
 our inability to hire, train, or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate our business; 
 the possibility of cyber and malware attacks; 
 our inability to borrow funds and access capital markets; 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our stock on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE and to cure our noncompliance with NYSE listing standards; 
 viral contagions or pandemic diseases; 
 potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, investigations, or claims; and 
 governmental actions and actions by other third parties that are beyond our control. 
 All forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 
 Please read Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 biomass: any organic biological material derived from living organisms that stores energy from the sun. 
 co-fire: the combustion of two different types of materials at the same time. For example, biomass is sometimes fired in combination with coal in existing coal plants. 
 cost pass-through mechanism: a provision in commercial contracts that passes costs through to the purchaser. 
 dry-bulk: describes dry-bulk commodities that are shipped in large, unpackaged amounts. 
 metric ton: one metric ton, which is equivalent to 1,000 kilograms and 1.1023 short tons. 
 net calorific value: the amount of usable heat energy released when a fuel is burned completely and the heat contained in the water vapor generated by the combustion process is not recovered. The European power industry typically uses net calorific value as the means of expressing fuel energy. 
 off-take contract: an agreement concerning the purchase and sale of a certain volume of future production of a given resource such as wood pellets. 
 stumpage : the price paid to the underlying timber resource owner for the raw material. 
 utility-grade wood pellets: wood pellets meeting minimum requirements generally specified by industrial consumers and produced and sold in sufficient quantities to satisfy industrial scale consumption. 
 wood fiber: cellulosic elements that are extracted from trees and used to make various materials, including paper. In North America, wood fiber is primarily extracted from hardwood (deciduous) trees and softwood (coniferous) trees. 
 wood pellets: energy-dense, low-moisture, and uniformly sized units of wood fuel produced from processing various wood resources or byproducts. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K presents information for Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation. References to Enviva, the Company, we, us, or our, or similar expressions refer to Enviva Inc. and its subsidiaries. Please read Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements beginning on page 1 and Item 1A. Risk Factors for information regarding certain risks inherent in our business. 
 Overview 
 Enviva was originally formed in 2013 as a limited partnership that converted to a corporation on December 31, 2021. We develop, construct, acquire, and own and operate, contracted wood pellet production plants where we aggregate a natural resource, wood fiber, and process it into dry, densified, uniform wood pellets that can be effectively stored and transported around the world. We primarily sell our wood pellets through long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with customers in Japan, the United Kingdom (the U.K. ), and the European Union (the EU ), who use our wood pellets to generate power and heat. 
 We own and operate ten plants (collectively, our plants strategically located in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and Mississippi. We export our wood pellets to global markets through our deep-water marine terminal at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia, terminal assets at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina, and the Port of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and from third-party deep-water marine terminals in Savannah, Georgia, Mobile, Alabama, and Panama City, Florida. In 2022, we commenced construction of a wood pellet production plant in Epes, Alabama (the Epes plant which is designed and permitted to produce more than one million metric tons per year MTPY of wood pellets . For 2023, our production capacity from our wood pellet production plants was contracted under our long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts. Our facilities are located in geographic regions with low input costs and favorable transportation logistics. Our raw materials are byproducts of the sawmilling process or traditional timber harvesting, principally low-value wood materials, such as trees generally not suited for sawmilling or other manufactured forest products, treetops and limbs, understory, brush, and slash that are generated in a harvest. 
 Our primary sales strategy is to fully contract the wood pellet production from our plants under long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with a diversified customer base. In connection with our ongoing restructuring through Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, we renegotiated many of our long-term contracts, and are continuing to negotiate certain other contracts, with the goal of improving profitability and to better protect against future inflation and other cost risks. We prioritized high-quality, long-term contracted relationships with the intention of returning to a business model of primary cash flow generation from predictable, profitable take-or-pay contracts. 
 Our largest customers use our wood pellets as a substitute fuel for coal in dedicated biomass or co-fired coal power plants. Wood pellets serve as a suitable drop-in alternative to coal because of their comparable heat content, density, and form. Due to the uninterruptible nature of our customers fuel consumption, our customers require a reliable supply of wood pellets that meet stringent product specifications. We have built our operations and assets to deliver and certify the highest levels of product quality. In addition to our customers focus on the reliability of supply, they are concerned about the combustion efficiency of the wood pellets and their safe handling. Because combustion efficiency is a function of energy density, particle size distribution, ash/inert content, and moisture, our customers require that we supply wood pellets meeting minimum criteria for a variety of specifications and, in some cases, provide incentives for exceeding our contract specifications. 
 Chapter 11 Cases 
 On March 12, 2024 (the Petition Date ), the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions the Bankruptcy Petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia Bankruptcy Court ). On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court granted motions filed by the Company seeking joint administration of the Chapter 11 Cases under the caption In re: Enviva Inc., et al ., Case No. 24-10453 (the Chapter 11 Cases ). The Company is continuing to operate in the ordinary course throughout the Chapter 11 Cases as debtors in possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions described above constitutes an event of default and acceleration under each of the following debt instruments (the Debt Instruments ): 
 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2019, by and among the Company (as successor to Enviva Partners, LP), Enviva Partners Finance Corp., each of the guarantors party thereto, and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (as successor to Wilmington Trust, N.A.), as trustee. 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2018 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Company, Enviva, LP, each of the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Ankura Trust Company, LLC, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other parties thereto; 
 Indenture of Trust (as amended, restated, modified, supplemented, or replaced from time to time), dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as trustee; 
 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated effective as of July 15, 2022, by and among The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, the Company, and certain of its subsidiaries; 
 Indenture of Trust (as amended, restated, modified, supplemented, or replaced from time to time), dated as of November 1, 2022, by and between Mississippi Business Finance Corporation and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as trustee; 
 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated effective as of November 22, 2022, by and among Mississippi Business Finance Corporation, the Company, and certain of its subsidiaries; 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2022, by and among Enviva Pellets Epes, LLC, the lenders party thereto, and the Company; and 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2022, by and between Enviva Pellets Epes Finance Company, LLC and United Bank. 
 The Debt Instruments provide that as a result of the Bankruptcy Petitions, the principal and interest due thereunder shall be immediately due and payable. However, any efforts to enforce such payment obligations under the Debt Instruments has been automatically stayed as a result of the Bankruptcy Petitions, and the creditors rights of enforcement in respect of the Debt Instruments is subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 The Debtors have obtained requested relief from the Bankruptcy Court that enables the Debtors to maintain business-as-usual operations and uphold their respective commitments to their stakeholders, including employees, customers, and vendors during the restructuring process, subject to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with then applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Restructuring Support Agreements 
 On the Petition Date, the Company entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (including any schedules and exhibits attached thereto, the RSA with (i) certain subsidiaries of the Company (together with the Company, the Company RSA Parties ), (ii) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders of the Company s outstanding 6.5 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and the holders thereof, the 2026 Noteholders ), (iii) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders, whether as record holders or participants, of loans or commitments under the Company s senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the lenders thereunder, the Credit Facility Lenders ), (iv) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders of Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) issued by the Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama (the Epes Green Bonds and the holders thereof, the Epes Bondholders ), and (v) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders of Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) issued by Mississippi Business Finance Corporation (the Bond Green Bonds and the holders thereof, the Bond Bondholders, and together with the 2026 Noteholders, the Credit Facility Lenders, and the Epes Bondholders, the Restructuring Support Parties ). 
 Under the terms of the RSA, the Restructuring Support Parties have agreed to support a restructuring of the Company RSA Parties under a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the Plan to be proposed in accordance with the terms set forth in the RSA. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Restructuring Support Parties and the Company RSA Partners and the Company RSA Parties have entered into certain amendments to the RSA, including to extend certain milestones and deadlines thereunder. 
 The Company RSA Parties also entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (including any schedules and exhibits attached thereto, the Bond MS RSA with certain Bond Bondholders comprising a majority of Bond Green Bonds outstanding and the Bond Green Bonds Trustee (as defined in the Bond MS RSA). Under the Bond MS RSA, the Company agreed, among other obligations described in the term sheet attached as Exhibit A thereto (the Bond MS Term Sheet ), to promptly seek Bankruptcy Court approval of a settlement with the Bond Bondholders party thereto and the Bond Green Bonds Trustee, whereby the Company RSA Parties will consent to the partial redemption of the Bond Green Bonds via the release of certain funds currently held by the Bond Green Bonds Trustee (the Construction Funds ). In exchange, the Bond Green Bondholders and the Bond Green Bonds Trustee both agree, among other obligations described in the Bond MS Term Sheet, and subject to any rights granted by the Bond MS RSA, to support the Plan. On May 8, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the settlement in the Bond MS Term Sheet (the Bond MS Settlement Order ). Pursuant to the Bond MS Settlement Order, the Bond Green Bonds Trustee transferred the Construction Funds to the Settlement Fund (as defined in the Bond MS RSA) for further distribution by the Bond Green Bonds Trustee to the Bond Bondholders. 
 DIP Facility 
 On March 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Debtor-in-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement (the DIP Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, and the other Debtors, as guarantors, the various lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), and Acquiom Agency Services LLC Acquiom and Seaport Loan Products LLC, as co-administrative agents, and Acquiom, as collateral agent providing for a debtor-in-possession term loan and notes facility (the DIP Financing in an amount not to exceed 500.0 million. On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court granted interim approval of the motion to approve the DIP Financing (the Interim DIP Order and borrowing of up to 150.0 million of the loans and notes thereunder. Following the issuance of the Interim DIP Order, the Company offered certain eligible holders of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock the opportunity to subscribe to participate in the syndication of up to 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of DIP Financing (the Syndication pursuant to certain procedures (the Syndication Procedures ). On May 3, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered a final order approving the full amount of the DIP Financing and the Syndication (the Final DIP Order ). As authorized by the Final DIP Order, participants in the Syndication became Lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement as of May 6, 2024. An appeal from the Final DIP Order seeking to strike the Syndication was filed by the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors and remains pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. 
 The proceeds of the loans and notes under the DIP Credit Agreement are designated to pay the Company s operating expenses, help fund the completion of the Epes plant, and pay other fees, expenses, and other expenditures of the Company set forth in rolling budgets prepared in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, which are subject to approval by the DIP Creditors. The Lenders and the Company together have entered into several technical amendments to the DIP Credit Agreement, either to clarify defined terms or extend deadlines related to reporting by the Company. 
 Stock Procedures 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company filed a motion NOL Motion seeking entry of an interim and final order establishing certain procedures and restrictions with respect to the direct or indirect purchase, disposition, or other transfer of the Common Stock (and declarations of worthlessness with respect to such Common Stock) (such procedures, Stock Procedures ), and seeking related relief, in order to preserve and protect the potential value of the Company s net operating losses NOLs and certain other tax attributes of the Company (together with the NOLs, Tax Attributes ). On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting the NOL Motion and approving the Stock Procedures on an interim basis. On April 12, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting the NOL Motion and approving the Stock Procedures on a final basis. 
 Chapter 11 Plan and Equity Rights Offering 
 On August 30, 2024, the Company filed a proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Enviva Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates (the Proposed Plan and a related proposed form of Disclosure Statement (the Proposed Disclosure Statement with the Bankruptcy Court. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this section have the meanings set forth in the Proposed Plan. The Proposed Plan and the related Proposed Disclosure Statement describe, among other things, the Proposed Plan; the restructuring of the Company set forth therein; the events leading to the Chapter 11 Cases; and certain events that have occurred or are anticipated to occur during the Chapter 11 Cases, including the anticipated solicitation of votes to approve the Proposed Plan from certain of the Company s creditors and existing equity holders, as well as the risks related to, among other things, the Chapter 11 Cases. The Proposed Plan provides for, among other things: 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The sale of our interests following a reorganization (the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests pursuant to a rights offering (the Equity Rights Offering to raise proceeds in an aggregate amount equal to (i) 250 million plus (ii) the principal amount of any DIP Tranche A Loans under the DIP Facility to the extent the Holders of such Loans do not elect to participate in the DIP Tranche A Equity Participation, which Rights Offering is expected to be fully backstopped; 
 Entry into a 1 billion first lien senior secured exit facility, which certain commitment parties are expected to backstop; provided that the Company may seek proposals for alternative debt financing for all or part of the Company s debt capital structure in consultation with an ad hoc group of the Company s previous creditors; 
 The DIP Tranche A Equity Participation, subject to certain conditions in the DIP Credit Agreement; 
 Repayment of the DIP Tranche A Loans (to the extent the Holders of which do not elect to participate in the DIP Tranche A Equity Participation) and the DIP Tranche B Loans under the DIP Facility in cash; 
 Repayment of our senior secured credit facility in cash; 
 Distribution of Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests and rights to participate in the Equity Rights Offering to holders of certain unsecured claims; 
 Distribution of cash in an aggregate amount equal to either 18 million or 13 million, depending on whether certain conditions are met, to holders of certain unsecured claims; 
 Subject to certain conditions, outside of the Company s control, including classes of certain unsecured claims voting to accept the Proposed Plan, distribution to each holder of an Existing Equity Interest of its pro rata share of either (i) cash in an amount equal to 1 million or (ii) the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants, and with respect to (ii), solely to the extent a holder of an Existing Equity Interest affirmatively elects to receive such treatment in lieu of cash on a timely and properly submitted ballot and the value of the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants is greater than 0 following dilution by the transactions contemplated by the Proposed Plan; and 
 An overbid process, consistent with the terms of the Final DIP Order and certain overbid procedures, to solicit bids for a value-maximizing alternative transaction. 
 In addition, the Company filed motions (i) for entry of an order approving the adequacy of the Proposed Disclosure Statement, approving the solicitation of votes in favor of the Plan, and establishing procedures from the proposed Equity Rights Offering, described in the Proposed Plan and the Proposed Disclosure Statement and (ii) for entry of an order authorizing the Company entry into a backstop agreement related to the proposed equity rights offering (the Disclosure Statement Motions ). 
 Backstop Agreement 
 On August 30, 2024, the Debtors entered into a Backstop Commitment Agreement (as amended, the Backstop Agreement with certain Equity Commitment Parties pursuant to which each of the Equity Commitment Parties has agreed to backstop, severally and not jointly and subject to the terms and conditions in the Backstop Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering. The Debtors obligations under the Backstop Agreement, including the payment of certain premiums set forth therein, remain subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 Exit Facilities Commitment Letter 
 On August 30, 2024, the Debtors entered into a commitment letter (as amended, the Commitment Letter with the certain commitment parties pursuant to which the commitment parties have committed to provide to the Debtors a first lien senior secured facility in an aggregate principal amount of 1 billion upon emergence from Chapter 11 Cases. The Debtors obligations under the Commitment Letter, including the payment of certain premiums set forth therein, remain subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 Our Production Plants, Logistics, and Storage Capabilities 
 We procure wood fiber and process it into utility-grade wood pellets and load the finished wood pellets into railcars, trucks, and barges for transportation to deep-water marine terminals, where we receive, store, and ultimately load our wood pellets onto dry-bulk cargo oceangoing vessels for delivery to our customers. 
 We own and operate ten industrial-scale wood pellet production plants strategically located in the Mid-Atlantic and Gulf Coast regions of the United States, geographic areas in which wood fiber resources are plentiful and readily available. Our 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 multi-plant profile and scale provide us with flexibility under our portfolio of off-take contracts that enhances the reliability of our deliveries. 
 Our facilities are designed to operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, although we schedule up to 15 days of planned maintenance for our wood pellet production plants during each calendar year. There are no regularly required major turnarounds or overhauls. 
 During 2023, we produced approximately 5.0 million metric tons MT of wood pellets. The following table describes our wood pellet production plants: 
 Plant Location Year of Acquisition or Operations Commenced Receiving Terminal Location Ahoskie, North Carolina 2011 Chesapeake Amory, Mississippi 2010 Mobile Cottondale, Florida 2015 Panama City Greenwood, South Carolina 2020 Wilmington Hamlet, North Carolina 2019 Wilmington Lucedale, Mississippi 2022 Pascagoula Northampton, North Carolina 2013 Chesapeake Sampson, North Carolina 
 2016 Wilmington Southampton, Virginia 2013 Chesapeake Waycross, Georgia 2020 Savannah Total 
 
 Wood Fiber Procurement and Sustainability 
 We and our customers are subject to stringent requirements regarding the sustainability of the fuels we procure. In addition to our internal sustainability policies and initiatives like our Responsible Sourcing Policy, we maintain multiple forest certifications in relation to our wood fiber procurement. Our fiber supply chains are routinely audited by independent third parties, and we maintain the traceability of information concerning the primary wood that is delivered to us directly from forests via our proprietary Track Trace system. 
 Our wood fiber demand is complementary to, rather than in competition with, demand for wood from most other forest-related industries, such as lumber and furniture. Demand for the non-merchantable fiber, waste products, or byproducts that we use is generally low; accordingly, the tops, limbs, and other wood fiber we purchase would otherwise generally be left unused, impeding reforestation or burned. 
 Our fleet of production plants is sited in robust fiber baskets in the southeast United States that sustainably support our growing operations with fiber. As a result of the fragmented nature of tract ownership in our sourcing areas, we procure raw materials from hundreds of landowners, loggers, and timber industry participants, with no individual landowner representing a material fraction of any of our plants needs. Our wood fiber is procured under a variety of arrangements, including (1) logging contracts for the thinnings, pulpwood, and other unmerchandised fiber, (2) in-woods chipping contracts, (3) contracts with timber dealers, and (4) purchases from sawmills. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Port Operations 
 The following table describes our owned and leased ports. Wood pellets are exported from our owned or leased deep-water, marine terminals and are stored in domes, barges, and warehouses at the ports. Our terminals operate 24 hours per day, seven days per week. 
 Port Location Throughput Capacity (MTPY) Storage Capacity (MT) Storage Facility Type at Port Location Terminal Facility Own/Lease Chesapeake, Virginia 2,500,000 90,000 Owned domes Owned terminal Mobile, Alabama (1) 
 115,000 45,000 Third-party barges Leased terminal assets Panama City, Florida 780,000 52,000 Third-party warehouse and dome Owned terminal assets Pascagoula, Mississippi 3,000,000 90,000 Owned domes Owned terminal assets Wilmington, North Carolina 3,000,000 90,000 Owned domes Owned terminal assets Savannah, Georgia 1,500,000 50,000 Third-party domes Leased terminal assets Total 10,895,000 417,000 
 (1) Wood pellets are exported from a third-party, privately owned and maintained deep-water, multi-berth terminal that operates 24 hours per day, seven days per week. 
 Our Contracts and Marketing Activities 
 We refer to the structure of our long-term sales contracts as take-or-pay because they include a firm obligation of the customer to take a fixed quantity of product at a stated price and provides for us to be compensated in the event of the customer s failure to accept all or a part of the contracted volumes or for termination of a contract by the customer. 
 We also have entered into several other contracts that have smaller off-take quantities than the contracts described above. In 2023, we had contracts with 16 customers in jurisdictions ranging from Japan, U.K., Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Poland. Beginning in fall 2023, a subset of the Company and the Advisors (the RTB Team set out to re-negotiate, or raise the bridge RTB on, the terms of the existing long-term contracts to make the profitability metrics sufficiently sustainable for the Company. Since the Petition Date, and in accordance with the Company s RTB efforts, the Company has worked with their advisors to evaluate and renegotiate the terms of the Company s existing, long-term take-or-pay off-take contracts with customers in the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Japan to make the profitability metrics sufficiently sustainable for the Debtors. Certain of these negotiations have been completed and others remain ongoing. 
 In some cases, we may purchase shipments of product from third-party suppliers and resell them in back-to-back transactions. 
 Industry Overview 
 Our product, utility-grade wood pellets, is used in an increasing variety of applications around the world by our customers in energy and heat generation and industrial processes. 
 For many of our customers, our wood pellets are used as a substitute for coal in both dedicated and co-fired power generation and combined heat and power plants. It enables major power, heat, or combined heat and power generators generators to profitably generate electricity and heat in a manner that helps to reduce the overall cost of compliance with certain renewable energy targets and regulatory requirements while also allowing companies to diversify their secure sources of renewable feedstock supply. 
 Wood pellet fueled power plants are capable of meeting baseload electricity demand and are dispatchable (that is, power output can be switched on or off or adjusted based on demand). As a result, utilities and major generators in Europe, Asia, and other areas have made and continue to make long-term, profitable investments in power plant conversions and new builds of generating assets that either co-fire wood pellets with coal or are fully dedicated wood pellet fueled power plants. Such developments help generators maintain and increase baseload generating capacity and comply with climate change regulations and renewable energy targets. 
 The capital costs required to convert a coal plant to co-fire biomass, or to consume biomass exclusively, are a fraction of the capital costs associated with implementing offshore wind and most other renewable technologies. Furthermore, the relatively quick process of converting coal-fired plants to biomass fueled generation can be an attractive benefit for generators whose generation assets are no longer viable as coal plants due to the expiration of operating permits, regulatory phase-out of coal-fired power generation, the introduction of taxes, or other restrictions on fossil fuel usage. Additionally, the European 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Union s Emissions Trading System continues to demonstrate a durable, constructive market for carbon, which frequently assists biomass in being more cost effective for energy generation than other feedstocks such as coal and natural gas, even in markets where there are no direct incentives or subsidies for renewable energy generation. 
 There also continues to be significant demand growth in Europe and Asia for wood pellets as a preferred fuel source and renewable alternative to fossil fuels for district heating loops, residential and commercial heating, and the production of heat for industrial sites. 
 In addition to the customer applications outlined above, we are in discussion with a number of potential customers who are interested in negotiating long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with the intention of using our wood pellets as a raw material input in the refinement of bio-liquids like biodiesel and sustainably produced aviation fuel as well as to generate process steam and heat in heavy industrial manufacturing like lime, sugar, etc. 
 Competition 
 We compete with other utility-grade wood pellet producers for long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with major power and heat generation customers, trading houses, and increasingly with customers in heavy industrial manufacturing sectors. Competition in our industry is based on the price, quantity, quality, and consistency of the wood pellets produced, the reliability and scale of wood pellet deliveries and the producer s ability to verify and document, through customer and third-party audits, that their wood pellets meet the regulatory sustainability, and use requirements of a particular customer. 
 Most of the world s current wood pellet production plants are owned by small, private companies, with few companies owning or operating multiple plants. Few companies have the scale, production, technical expertise, access to sustainable fiber baskets, or commercial infrastructure necessary to supply utility-grade wood pellets under large, long-term off-take contracts to creditworthy counterparties. We are the largest producer measured by annual tonnage and consider other companies with production expectations, technical expertise, or commercial infrastructure to be our competitors, including Drax Biomass Inc., AS Graanul Invest, Fram Renewable Fuels, LLC, Phu Tai Bio-Energy Corporation, and Highland Pellets LLC. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Our operations are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing matters including protection of the environment and natural resources, occupational health and safety, and the release or discharge of materials into the environment, including air emissions. Such laws and regulations may require us to obtain permits, limit or avoid certain operational practices, and incur costs for compliance or remediation. Failure to comply with such laws may also result in substantial liabilities, including possible fines and penalties for unpermitted emissions or discharges from our operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders enjoining some or all of our operations in affected areas. 
 Moreover, the global trend in environmental regulation is towards increasingly broad and stringent requirements for activities that may affect the environment. Any changes in environmental laws and regulations or re interpretation of enforcement policies that result in more stringent and costly requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. Although we monitor environmental requirements closely and budget for the expected costs, actual future expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently anticipate spending. Moreover, certain environmental laws impose strict joint and several liability for costs to clean up and restore sites where pollutants have been disposed or otherwise spilled or released, potentially resulting in significant costs and liabilities for remediation of resulting damage to property, natural resources, or persons. Although we believe that our competitors face similar environmental requirements, market factors may prevent us from passing on any increased costs to our customers. Additionally, although we believe that continued compliance with existing requirements will not materially adversely affect us, there is no assurance that the current levels of regulation will continue in the future. 
 The following summarizes some of the more significant existing environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations applicable to our operations, the failure to comply with which could have a material adverse impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations and financial position. 
 Air Emissions 
 The federal Clean Air Act, as amended (the CAA ), and state and local laws and regulations that implement and add to CAA requirements, regulate the emission of air pollutants from our facilities. The CAA and state and local laws and regulations impose significant monitoring, testing, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements for these emissions. These laws and regulations require us to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 produce or significantly increase air emissions, obtain, and strictly comply with stringent air permit emission limits, and in certain cases utilize specific equipment or technologies to control and measure emissions. Obtaining these permits can be both costly and time-intensive and has the potential to delay opening of new plants or significant expansion of existing plants; moreover, complying with these permits, including satisfying testing requirements, can be costly and time-intensive. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permit requirements may cause us to face fines, penalties, or injunctive orders in connection with air pollutant emissions from our operations. 
 The CAA requires that we obtain various construction and operating permits, including, in some cases, Title V air permits. In certain cases, the CAA requires us to incur capital expenditures to install air pollution control devices at our facilities. We are also required to control fugitive emissions from our operations and may face fines, penalties, or injunctive orders in connection with fugitiv e emissions. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial administrative, operating and capital expenditures to maintain compliance with CAA requirements that have been promulgated or may be promulgated or revised in the future. 
 Climate Change and Greenhouse Gases 
 Our operations are subject to limited direct regulation with respect to greenhouse gas GHG emissions. For example, at this time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA requires certain large facilities to und ergo CAA pre-construction review and obtain operating permits for their GHG emissions. Our operations are also indirectly affected by regulations regarding the carbon treatment of biomass. Several jurisdictions to which we ship our product have imposed regulations on the characterization of biomass as a carbon-neutral fuel, and any change that imposes more stringent regulations on the characterization of biomass as carbon-neutral could negatively impact demand for our products or require us to incur additional costs to achieve such characterization of our products. For more information, see our risk factor titled Changes in the treatment of biomass could adversely impact our business. Additionally, in March 2024, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC released its final rule establishing a framework for the reporting of climate risks, targets, and metrics. However, shortly thereafter, the final rule was challenged. Litigation remains pending in the Eighth Circuit, and the final rule is currently stayed. It is not yet known whether the final rule will survive the legal challenges it faces and, if so, what form and substance it will take, which could ultimately result in additional compliance costs. Finally, i ncreasing concentrations of GHGs in the earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as sea-level rise, increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, including forest fires. If any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Safety and Maintenance 
 We are subject to a number of federal and state laws and regulations, including the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended OSHA ), and comparable state statutes, which are intended to protect the health and safety of employees and contractors. OSHA imposes various requirements, including safety-related training, policies, and programs. In addition, the OSHA Hazard Communication Standards and the EPA s Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act statutes require that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local governmental authorities and citizens. National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) standards require affected facilities to develop and implement plans and controls to minimize combustible dust. EPA regulations mandate the utilization of pollution control equipment such as cyclones, baghouses, and electronic precipitators to minimize regulated air emissions at affected facilities. Additionally, we hold ourselves accountable to applicable air, solid waste, and wastewater regulations as required by EPA regulations, state and local laws and ordinances. Our deep-water marine terminals are required to adhere to Homeland Security/U.S. Coast Guard regulations regarding physical security and emergency response plans. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations. During the first half of the year, the cost of producing wood pellets tends to be higher because during the winter months, the cost of d elivered raw materials are higher, primarily due to a reduction in accessibility during cold and wet weather conditions, which results in our need to extend the procurement radius around our plants. Our raw materials typically have higher moisture content during this period, resulting in lower production levels; moreover, the cost of drying wood fiber increases during periods of lower ambient temperatures given greater energy required in the process of heating. Our operating costs are primarily fixed, resulting in low fixed cost absorption or higher operating cost per MT. Additionally, our customer contract price mix is typically higher during the second half of the year as we increase the sales volumes delivered to customers using wood pellets for heating. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Human Resources 
 Our employees are our greatest resource and keeping them safe is considered a moral obligation for all of us. We are deeply committed to our health and safety standards and processes. Moreover, we continue to work to build and foster a culture of diversity and inclusion among our employees and other stakeholders and strive to build relationships with long-lasting, positive impact in the communities in which we operate. As a company, we value keeping promises, acting with integrity, the determination to make a difference, and the qualities of openness, humility, and respect. 
 Through our human resources practices, we focus on attracting, developing, and retaining talent to help enable the execution of our business purpose consistent with our values. In addition, we apply a talent framework to support our human resources objectives of recruiting and nurturing top talent, strengthening our succession planning to develop a pipeline of future leaders for key roles and driving a culture of accountability through a robust performance management process. 
 We had 1,234 employees as of December 31, 2023 of which 1,218 were based in the United States and 16 based outside of the United States. Plant operations roles typically have a stable number of full-time equivalents throughout the year. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any employment-related work stoppages, and we consider relations with our employees to be positive. As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, we have experienced employee attrition, and our employees have faced considerable distraction and uncertainty. A loss of key personnel or material erosion of employee morale could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 To further our business objectives, we seek to bring Enviva s best minds, systems, processes, and team back-up culture, together. Enviva finished 2023 with a Total Recordable Incident Rate of 1.57 compared to a wood product manufacturing and an industry average incident rate of 5.3 and 3.0, respectively, based on Bureau of Labor statistics regarding injuries and illnesses per 100 full-time workers based on Bureau of Labor statistics. 
 We focus on attracting, developing, and retaining a team of highly talented and motivated employees. We seek to offer our employees competitive pay and benefits including paid time off, multiple healthcare and insurance coverage options including premium-free offerings, paid company leave, holidays, and a 401(k) retirement plan including employer match. Employee performance is measured in part based on goals that we believe are aligned with our annual objectives, and we recognize that our success is based on the talents and dedication of those we employ. Additionally, we look to support our employees both on and off the job site by offering benefits such as paid parental leave, a wellness reimbursement program, FSA dependent care, paid disability (short term/long term), and educational assistance. We evaluate these programs annually to ensure our employees are compensated fairly and competitively. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to a culture of diversity and inclusion of all backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We believe in a workplace that promotes equality, transparency, and accountability. Our policies and procedures seek to foster these values through regular training and employee engagement activities, such as annual trainings that are required to be completed by 100 of our employees on workplace conduct and non-discrimination. We strive to engage with the local communities where our operations are based in order to locate and support a diverse talent pool with career opportunities. 
 Principal Executive Offices 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1800, Bethesda, Maryland 20814. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports and other documents with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 We also make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, simultaneously with or as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such materials with, or furnishing such materials to, the SEC and on or through our website, www.envivabiomass.com . The information on our website, or information about us on any other website, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There are many factors that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict those risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect financial performance. Each of the risks described below could adversely impact the value of our common stock. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in this Item 1A Risk Factors. These risks include the following: 
 The Chapter 11 Cases may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Delays in the Chapter 11 Cases may increase the risks of our being unable to reorganize our business and emerge from bankruptcy and increase our costs associated with the bankruptcy process. 
 We may be subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with our exclusive right to file a plan of reorganization. 
 Adverse publicity in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases or otherwise could negatively affect our business. 
 Trading in our common stock during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risks and the Chapter 11 Cases may render the common stock worthless. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance or comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE, which could result in the delisting of our securities, limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities, and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Upon emergence from bankruptcy, the equity interests in the reorganized company may not be listed on the NYSE or any other stock exchange and we may no longer be a SEC reporting company. 
 The RSA is subject to significant conditions and milestones that may be difficult for us to satisfy, which if the Company fails to satisfy them could lead to termination of the RSA and a default or accelerated maturity under the DIP Credit Agreement. 
 The Plan may not become effective. 
 Even if the Plan or another Chapter 11 p lan of reorganization is consummated, we may not be able to achieve our stated goals. 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements and the adequacy of our capital resources are difficult to predict at this time. 
 In certain limited instances, a Chapter 11 case may be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or a third-party trustee may be appointed under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, preventing the Company from continuing to act as debtors in possession. 
 As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, our historical financial information may not be indicative of our future performance, which may be volatile. 
 The actual results achieved during the periods covered by our recently issued projections will vary from those set forth in those projections, and such variations may be material. 
 We may be subject to claims that will not be discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The Chapter 11 Cases limit the flexibility of our management team in running our business. 
 Upon emergence from bankruptcy, the composition of our board of directors may change significantly. 
 As a result of the implementation of the Plan, our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to reduce our income tax obligations may be subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to derive substantially all our revenues from four customers in 2024, three of which are located in Europe. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base, our results of operations, business and financial position could be materially adversely affected. 
 Changes in laws or government policies, incentives and taxes related to low-carbon and renewable energy may affect customer demand for our products. 
 Challenges to or delays in the issuance of air permits, or our failure to comply with our permits, could impair our operations and ability to expand our production. 
 Federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to forestry products and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs, and additional operating restrictions and delays, which could cause a decline in the demand for our products and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to complete our construction projects on time, and our construction costs could increase to levels that make the return on our investment less than expected. 
 The satisfactory delivery of substantially all of our production is dependent on continuous access to infrastructure at our owned, leased, and third-party-operated terminals. Loss of access to our ports of shipment and destination, including through failure of terminal equipment and port closures, could adversely affect our financial results and cash flows. 
 Failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our production plants and deep-water marine terminals could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 Our business is subject to operating hazards and other operational risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also not be adequately insured against such events. 
 Significant increases in the cost, or decreases in the availability, of raw materials or sourced wood pellets could result in lower revenue, operating profits, and cash flows, or impede our ability to meet commitments to our customers. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our contract counterparties, including the customers for our products, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Chapter 11 Cases 
 The Chapter 11 Cases may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As previously disclosed, we engaged legal and financial advisors to assist us in evaluating potential strategic alternatives available to us to reduce or restructure our outstanding indebtedness. These efforts led to the execution of the RSAs and the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases on March 12, 2024. The Chapter 11 Cases are ongoing. 
 The Chapter 11 Cases could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. So long as the Chapter 11 Cases continue, our management will be required to spend a significant amount of time and effort focused on the restructuring, which may limit their ability to focus on our ongoing business operations. Bankruptcy Court protection and operating as debtors-in-possession also may make it more difficult to retain management and the key personnel necessary to the success of the business. In addition, during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, our customers and suppliers may lose confidence in our ability to reorganize our business successfully and may seek to establish alternative commercial relationships, renegotiate the terms of our agreements, terminate their relationships with us, or require financial assurances from us. Customers may lose confidence in our ability to provide them the quality of product and level of service they expect, resulting in a significant decline in our revenues, profitability, and cash flow. 
 Other significant risks include or relate to the following: 
 the effects of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases on our business and the interests of various constituents, including our stockholders; 
 Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases, including with respect to our motions and applications and third-party motions, as well as the outcome of other pending litigation; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to operate within the restrictions and the liquidity limitations of the DIP Credit Agreement and any related orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 our ability to maintain strategic control as debtor-in-possession during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 the length of time that we will operate with Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 increased advisory costs during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 the risks associated with restrictions on our ability to pursue some of our business strategies during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 our ability to complete the financing and to satisfy all other conditions to consummation of the Plan; 
 the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 the ultimate outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general; 
 the ultimate treatment of our existing equity in the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 the potential material adverse effects of claims, if any, that are not discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 uncertainties regarding the reactions of our customers, prospective customers, suppliers, and service providers to the Chapter 11 Cases; 
 uncertainties regarding our ability to retain and motivate key personnel; 
 uncertainties and continuing risks associated with our ability to achieve our stated goals and continue as a going concern; 
 employee attrition and our ability to retain senior management and other key personnel due to distractions and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases, including our ability to provide adequate compensation and benefits during the Chapter 11 Cases; and 
 we may experience employee attrition as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 Further, under Chapter 11, transactions outside the ordinary course of business are subject to the prior approval of the Bankruptcy Court, which may limit our ability to respond in a timely manner to certain events or take advantage of certain opportunities or to adapt to changing market or industry conditions. 
 Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Cases, we cannot predict or quantify the ultimate impact that events occurring during the Chapter 11 Cases may have on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, nor can we provide any assurance as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, realization of assets and liabilities are subject to uncertainty. While operating under the protection of the Bankruptcy Code, and subject to Bankruptcy Court approval or otherwise as permitted in the normal course of business, we may sell or otherwise dispose of assets or liquidate or settle liabilities for amounts other than those reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, we may experience employee attrition, and our employees may face considerable distraction and uncertainty. Our ability to engage, motivate, and retain key employees or take other measures intended to motivate and incentivize key employees to remain with us through the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is limited by restrictions on the implementation of incentive programs under the Bankruptcy Code. The loss of services of members of our senior management team could impair our ability to execute our business strategies and implement operational initiatives, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 While we have maintained our operations as debtor in possession since the Chapter 11 Cases were filed, the filing of the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Chapter 11 Cases and related changes have been disruptive to our employees. In addition, we have undertaken, and may undertake in the future, restructuring, reorganization, or other strategic initiatives and business transformation plans. As a result of these restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and proficiency, loss of key employees, and/or other retention issues during transitional periods. Further, reorganization and restructuring can impact a significant amount of management and other employees time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. 
 Delays in the Chapter 11 Cases may increase the risks of our being unable to reorganize our business and emerge from bankruptcy and increase our costs associated with the bankruptcy process. 
 There can be no assurance that the Plan will become effective in accordance with its terms on the timeline we anticipate or at all. Prolonged Chapter 11 proceedings could adversely affect our relationships with customers, subcontractors, suppliers, and employees, among other parties, which in turn could adversely affect our business, competitive position, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations and our ability to continue as a going concern. A weakening of our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations could adversely affect our ability to implement the Plan (or any other Chapter 11 plan of reorganization). If we are unable to consummate the Plan (or any other Chapter 11 plan of reorganization), we may be forced to liquidate our assets. 
 Adverse publicity in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases or otherwise could negatively affect our business. 
 Adverse publicity or news coverage relating to us or our business, including, but not limited to, publicity or news coverage in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, may negatively impact our efforts to establish and promote a positive image after emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases, including with respect to our current and future employees, existing customers, prospective customers, suppliers, and service providers. 
 Trading in our common stock during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risks and the Chapter 11 Cases may render the common stock worthless. 
 All of our indebtedness is senior in priority to the existing common stock in our capital structure. The Proposed Plan, the currently expected valuation, contemplates that the holders of equity interests, including the holders of common stock would be entitled to only a de minimis recovery. The recovery would be significantly less than the previous trading value of such existing equity interests. We expect that potential revisions to the Plan will result in equity receiving no recovery. The amount and nature of any potential recovery is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court and there can be no certainty that holders of equity interests will receive any recovery in the Chapter 11 Cases. Accordingly, any trading in our common stock during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risk to purchasers of our common stock. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance or comply with the continued listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, which could result in the delisting of our securities, limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities, and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol EVA. On January 23, 2024 we received a written notice from the NYSE that because the average closing price for our common stock had fallen below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, we no longer comply with the minimum share price criteria of Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Manual for continued listing on the NYSE. On April 2, 2024 we received a second written notice from the NYSE that due to the delay in filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 with the SEC, we were no longer in compliance with Section 802.01E of the NYSE Manual. If we fail to regain compliance with Section 802.01C and Section 802.010E of the NYSE Manual during a 6-month cure period, the NYSE may commence suspension and delisting procedures. 
 In addition, if our total market capitalization falls below an average of 50 million for 30 consecutive trading days and we are unable to regain compliance during an 18-month cure period, the NYSE may commence suspension and delisting procedures pursuant to Section 802.01B of the NYSE Manual. As of August 30, 2024, our 30 day average market capitalization was approximately 36.0 million. Lastly, if (i) the price per share of our common stock falls to an abnormally low price, (ii) our market capitalization falls below an average of 15 million for 30 consecutive trading days, or (iii) we choose to liquidate the Company, the NYSE may immediately commence suspension and delisting procedures pursuant to Section 802.01D, 802.01B, and 802.01D, respectively. 
 If the NYSE delists our common stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the continued listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and regulations, possibly resulting in a 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of our common stock; a limited amount of analyst coverage; a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and a negative impact to, or termination of, our critical business relationships. 
 Upon emergence from bankruptcy, the equity interests in the reorganized company may not be listed on the NYSE or any other stock exchange and we may no longer be a SEC reporting company. 
 Based on the terms of the Proposed Plan, Enviva may emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases as a private company not subject to reporting requirements under Sections 12 or 15 of the Exchange Act. As a nonpublic company, the equity interests in the reorganized company and the New Warrants would not be listed on the NYSE or any other stock exchange and there can be no assurance as to the development of or liquidity of any market for such equity interests or warrants. Further, the reorganized company may enter into a stockholders agreement, which may significantly restrict trading in the equity interests. Our listing and SEC registration status upon emergence from bankruptcy are subject to negotiation with creditors, approval of the Bankruptcy Court and affirmative vote of certain parties and may change materially from the terms set forth in the Proposed Plan. 
 The RSA is subject to significant conditions and milestones that may be difficult for us to satisfy. 
 There are certain material conditions we must satisfy under the RSA, including the timely satisfaction of milestones in the Chapter 11 Cases, which include the consummation of the financing contemplated by the DIP Facility and other transactions contemplated by the Plan. Our ability to timely satisfy such milestones is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and it is possible that the failure to timely complete such milestones or comply with other conditions of the RSA may give rise to termination events thereunder. 
 The Plan may not become effective. 
 Even if the Plan is confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court, it may differ materially from the Plan filed by the Company and may not become effective because it is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent (some of which are beyond our control). There can be no assurance that such conditions will be satisfied and, therefore, that the Plan will become effective, and that the Debtors will emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases as contemplated by the Plan. If the Effective Date is delayed, the Debtors may not have sufficient cash available to operate their businesses. In that case, the Debtors may need new or additional post-petition financing, which may increase the cost of consummating the Plan. There can be no assurance of the terms on which such financing may be available or if such financing will be available. If the transactions contemplated by the Plan are not completed, it may become necessary to amend the Plan. The terms of any such amendment are uncertain and could result in material additional expense and result in material delays to the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 Even if the Plan or another Chapter 11 plan of reorganization is consummated, we may not be able to achieve our stated goals. 
 Even if the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan of reorganization is consummated, we may continue to face a number of risks, such as changes in economic conditions, changes in our industry, changes in demand for our services, and increasing expenses. Some of these risks become more acute when a case under the Bankruptcy Code continues for a protracted period without indication of how or when the transactions under the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan of reorganization will actually close. As a result of these and other risks, we cannot guarantee that the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan of reorganization will achieve our stated goals. Furthermore, even if our debts are reduced or discharged through the Plan or any other Chapter 11 plan of reorganization, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing or other various means to fund our business after the completion of the Chapter 11 Cases. Our access to additional financing may be limited, if it is available at all. Therefore, adequate funds may not be available when needed or may not be available on favorable terms, which could have a material impact on our operations and financial results, including our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements and the adequacy of our capital resources are difficult to predict at this time. 
 We face uncertainty regarding the adequacy of our liquidity and capital resources and have extremely limited, if any, access to additional financing. In addition to the cash requirements necessary to fund our ongoing operations, we have incurred significant professional fees and other costs in connection with preparation for the Chapter 11 Cases and expect that we will continue to incur significant professional fees and costs throughout the Chapter 11 Cases. We cannot assure you that cash on hand and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to continue to fund our operations and allow us to satisfy our obligations related to the Chapter 11 Cases. Although we entered into the DIP Credit Agreement providing for an aggregate principal amount of up to 500 million pursuant to the DIP Facility in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, we cannot assure you that such financing sources will be sufficient, that we will be able to secure additional interim financing, or adequate exit financing sufficient to meet our liquidity needs (or if sufficient funds are available, that they will be offered to us on acceptable terms). 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our liquidity, including our ability to meet our ongoing operational obligations, depends on, among other things: (i) our ability to comply with the terms and conditions of any order governing the use of cash collateral that may be entered by the Bankruptcy Court in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, (ii) our ability to access credit under the DIP Facility, (iii) our ability to maintain adequate cash on hand, (iv) our ability to generate cash flow from operations, (v) our ability to consummate the Plan or other alternative restructuring transaction, and (vi) the cost, duration and outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 In certain limited instances, a Chapter 11 case may be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Upon a showing of cause, the Bankruptcy Court may convert the Chapter 11 Cases to cases under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code. In such event, a Chapter 7 trustee would be appointed or elected to liquidate our assets for distribution to our creditors in accordance with the priorities established by the Bankruptcy Code. We believe that liquidation under Chapter 7 would result in significantly smaller distributions being made to our creditors than those provided for in the Plan because of: (i) the likelihood that the assets would have to be sold or otherwise disposed of in a distressed fashion over a short period of time rather than in a controlled manner and as a going concern; (ii) additional administrative expenses involved in the appointment of a Chapter 7 trustee; and (iii) additional expenses and claims, some of which would be entitled to priority, that would be generated during the liquidation and from the rejection of executory contracts in connection with a cessation of operations. 
 As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, our historical financial information may not be indicative of our future performance, which may be volatile. 
 During the Chapter 11 Cases, we expect our financial results to continue to be volatile as restructuring activities and expenses impact our consolidated financial statements. As a result, our historical financial performance is likely not indicative of our financial performance after the date of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases. In addition, if we emerge from Chapter 11, the amounts reported in subsequent consolidated financial statements may materially change relative to our historical consolidated financial statements. We also will be required to adopt fresh start accounting, in which case our assets and liabilities will be recorded at fair value as of the fresh start reporting date, which may differ materially from the recorded values of assets and liabilities on our historical consolidated balance sheets. Our financial results after the application of fresh start accounting may be different from historical trends. 
 The actual results achieved during the periods covered by the projections included as an exhibit to the Disclosure Statement will vary from those set forth in those projections, and such variations may be material. 
 In connection with the filing of the Plan, we filed a Disclosure Statement that included projections for the annual periods ending December 31, 2024 (fiscal year 2024) through December 31, 2028 (fiscal year 2028) the Financial Projections ). Unanticipated events and circumstances occurring after the date hereof may affect the actual financial results of our operations. These variations may be material and may adversely affect our ability to, among other things, consummate our business plan to make payments with respect to our indebtedness. Because the actual results achieved may vary from projected results, perhaps significantly, the Financial Projections should not be relied upon as a guarantee or other assurance of the actual results that will occur. 
 Further, during the Chapter 11 Cases, we expect that our financial results will continue to be volatile as restructuring activities and expenses, contract terminations and rejections, and claims assessments significantly impact our consolidated financial statements. As a result, our historical financial performance likely will not be indicative of our financial performance after the emergence. In addition, if we emerge from the Chapter 11 Cases, the amounts reported in subsequent consolidated financial statements may materially change relative to historical consolidated financial statements, including as a result of revisions to our operating plans pursuant to a plan of reorganization. We also may be required to adopt fresh start accounting, in which case their assets and liabilities will be recorded at fair value as of the fresh start reporting date, which may differ materially from the recorded values of assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our financial results after the application of fresh start accounting also may be different from historical trends. 
 Finally, our business plan was developed with the assistance of our advisors. There can be no assurances that our business plan will not change, perhaps materially, as a result of decisions that the board of directors may make after fully evaluating our strategic direction and our business plan. Any deviations from the Debtors existing business plan would necessarily cause a deviation in the Financial Projections. 
 We may be subject to claims that will not be discharged in the Chapter 11 Cases, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Bankruptcy Code provides, subject to certain limited exceptions, that the confirmation of a plan of reorganization pursuant to Chapter 11 may discharge a debtor from, among other things, substantially all debts arising prior to consummation of a plan of reorganization. Except where otherwise contemplated by the Plan, it is expected that claims against the Debtors that 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 arose prior to March 12, 2024 or before consummation of the Plan would be subject to discharge pursuant to confirmation of the Plan. It is possible, however, that certain claims may not be subject to discharge or that parties in subsequent litigation could argue that they were not ultimately discharged. Such claims could be asserted against the reorganized entities and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations on a post-reorganization basis. 
 The Chapter 11 Cases limit the flexibility of our management team in running our business. 
 While we operate our businesses as debtor-in-possession under supervision by the Bankruptcy Court, we are required to obtain the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, and in some cases certain lenders, prior to engaging in activities or transactions outside the ordinary course of business. Bankruptcy Court approval of non-ordinary course activities entails preparation and filing of appropriate motions with the Bankruptcy Court, negotiation with the various creditors committees and other parties-in-interest, and one or more hearings. The creditors committees and other parties-in-interest may be heard at any Bankruptcy Court hearing and may raise objections with respect to these motions. This process may delay major transactions and limit our ability to respond quickly to opportunities and events. Furthermore, in the event the Bankruptcy Court does not approve a proposed activity or transaction, we would be prevented from engaging in activities and transactions that we believe are beneficial to us. 
 Upon emergence from bankruptcy, the composition of our board of directors may change significantly. 
 The composition of our board of directors may change significantly following the Chapter 11 Cases. Any new directors may have different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives from those individuals who previously served on our board of directors and, thus, may have different views on the issues that will determine the future of our company. As a result, our future strategy and plans may differ materially from those of the past. 
 As a result of the implementation of the Plan, our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to reduce our income tax obligations may be subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Under U.S. federal income tax law, a corporation is generally permitted to offset all or a portion of its net taxable income in a given year with net operating losses carried forward from prior years. As of December 31, 2023, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approxi mately 407.1 million. Our abili ty to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income and reduce U.S. federal income tax liability is subject to certain requirements and restrictions. In particular, if we experience an ownership change, as defined in section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (generally, a cumulative change of ownership of greater than 50 of our capital stock over a three-year testing period), then our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be substantially limited, which could have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 We expect that we may undergo an ownership change under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code in connection with the consummation of the Plan. On April 12, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order that sets forth procedures (including notice requirements) with which certain existing and potential shareholders must comply regarding transfers of, or declarations of worthlessness with respect to, our common stock, as well as certain obligations with respect to notifying us of current share ownership (the Stock Procedures ). The Stock Procedures are designed to protect our net operating loss carryforwards (and other tax attributes) from the effect of a premature ownership change and to preserve our ability to rely on certain favorable rules that can apply to ownership changes occurring in connection with the implementation of the Plan. However, there is no assurance that the Stock Procedures will prevent all transfers or declarations of worthlessness that could result in such an ownership change. 
 In addition, our net operating losses (and certain other tax attributes) will be reduced by the amount of any cancellation of indebtedness income we recognize as a result of the implementation of the Plan. As such, at this time, there can be no assurance regarding the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes that will be available to offset future taxable income. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Goodwill and other long-lived assets are subject to impairment risk. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company performed an interim goodwill impairment test, which indicated that the carrying value of its sole reporting unit was above its fair value. On December 4, 2023, the Board concluded that a material charge for impairment to goodwill would be required for the fourth quarter of 2023. As a result, the Company recorded a material non-cash pretax impairment charge related to goodwill of 103.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The assessment for potential impairment of other long-lived assets requires management to make judgments on a number of significant estimates and assumptions, including projected cash flows, discount rates, and projected long-term growth rates. We may be required to record a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our other long-lived assets is identified and this could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We expect to derive the majority of our revenues from four customers in 2024, three of which are located in Europe. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base, our results of operations, business and financial position could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our contracts with four customers, three of which are located in Europe and one of which is located in Japan, represent the majority of our expected product sales volumes in 2024; as a result, we face counterparty and geographic concentration risk. The ability of each of our customers to perform its obligations under a contract with us will depend on a number of factors that are beyond our control and may include the overall financial condition of the counterparty, the counterparty s access to capital, delay or shutdown of the counterparty s operations due to regulatory, financial or operational challenges, the condition of the regional and global power, heat, and combined heat and power generation industry, continuing regulatory and economic support for wood pellets as a fuel source, pricing trends in the spot market for wood pellets and general economic conditions. In particular, in 2023 and 2024, certain of our counterparties experienced significant operational shutdowns of their facilities that impacted their ability to accept contracted volumes. In addition, in depressed market conditions, our customers may no longer need the amount of our products they have contracted for or may be able to obtain comparable products at a lower price. Should any counterparty fail to honor its obligations under a contract with us, we could sustain losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition if we fail to continue to diversify our customer base geographically within and outside of Europe in the future, our results of operations, business and financial position could be materially adversely affected. 
 Upon the expiration of our off-take contracts, our customers may decide not to recontract on terms as favorable to us as our current contracts, or at all. For example, our current customers may acquire wood pellets from other providers that offer more competitive pricing or logistics or develop their own sources of wood pellets. Some of our customers could also exit their current business or be acquired by other companies that purchase wood pellets from other providers. The demand for wood pellets or their prevailing prices at the times at which our current off take contracts expire may also render entry into new long-term-off-take contracts difficult or impossible. 
 Any reduction in the amount of wood pellets purchased by our customers or our inability to renegotiate or replace our existing contracts on economically acceptable terms, or our failure to successfully penetrate new markets within and outside of Europe in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position. 
 Termination penalties within our off-take contracts may not fully compensate us for our total economic losses. 
 Certain of our off-take contracts provide the customer with a right of termination for various events of convenience or changes in law or policy. Although some of these contracts are subject to certain protective termination payments, the termination payments made by our customers may not fully compensate us for losses. In addition, if a contract is terminated due to financial distress of the counterparty, we may be unable to receive all or a portion of the compensation due to us under these contracts. We may be unable to re-contract our production at favorable prices or at all, and our results of operations, business and financial position, may be materially adversely affected as a result. 
 We may be unable to renegotiate our long-term contracts with our existing customers on favorable terms or at all. 
 In connection with our ongoing restructuring through Chapter 11, we are renegotiating many of our long-term contracts with the goal of improving profitability and to better protect against future inflation and other cost risks. We may be unable to complete these negotiations on the proposed terms, or at all. The Plan makes certain assumptions regarding the outcome of these negotiations. If we are unable to finalize these contracts on favorable terms, or at all, our results of operations, business and financial position, may be materially adversely affected and we may be unable to achieve the results anticipated by the projections set forth in the Plan. 
 Our long-term off-take contracts with our customers may only partially offset certain increases in our costs or preclude us from taking advantage of relatively high wood pellet prices in the broader markets. 
 Our long-term off-take contracts typically set base prices subject to annual price escalation and other pricing adjustments, which are intended to adjust for changes in certain of our underlying costs of operations, including, in some cases, for stumpage or diesel fuel. However, such cost pass-through mechanisms are typically adjusted based on changes to consumer price index, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 which may not reflect actual changes to our costs. If our operating costs increase significantly during the terms of our long-term off-take contracts beyond the levels of pricing and cost protection afforded to us under the terms of such contracts, our results of operations, business, and financial position could be adversely affected. Continued and increased inflation could decrease the profitability of our long-term off-take contracts. 
 Moreover, during periods when the prevailing market price of wood pellets is lower than the prices under our long-term off-take contracts, we may be unable to sell any cancelled volumes, or renew expiring contracts, at profitable prices or at all, and cancellation or termination fees may not fully compensate us for the lost revenue. In contrast, during periods when the prevailing market price of wood pellets exceeds the prices under our long-term off-take contracts, our revenues could be significantly lower than they otherwise would have been were we not party to such contracts for substantially all our production. In addition, our current and future competitors may be in a better position than we are to take advantage of relatively high prices during such periods. 
 Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 Our business is subject to risks related to legal proceedings and governmental inquiries. 
 Our business is subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, and claims arising in the normal course of operations. The risks associated with these matters often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Our involvement in any investigations and lawsuits would cause us to incur additional legal and other costs and, if we were found to have violated any laws, we could be required to pay fines, damages, and other costs, perhaps in material amounts. Regardless of final costs, these matters could have an adverse effect on our business by exposing us to negative publicity, reputation damage, or diversion of personnel and management resources. 
 Changes in laws or government policies, incentives, and taxes related to low-carbon and renewable energy may affect customer demand for our products. 
 Consumers of utility-grade wood pellets currently use our products either as part of a binding obligation to generate a certain percentage of renewable energy or because they receive direct or indirect financial support or incentives to do so. Financial support is often necessary to cover the generally higher costs of wood pellets compared to conventional fossil fuels like coal. In most countries, once the government implements a tax e.g ., the U.K. s carbon price floor tax) or a preferable tariff or specific renewable energy policy either supporting a renewable energy generator or the energy generating sector as a whole, such tax, tariff, or policy is guaranteed for a specified period of time, sometimes for the investment lifetime of a generator s project. However, governmental policies that currently support the use of biomass may adversely modify their tax, tariff, or incentive regimes, and the future availability of such taxes, tariffs, or incentive regimes, either in current jurisdictions beyond the prescribed timeframes or in new jurisdictions, is uncertain. Demand for wood pellets could be substantially lower than expected if government support is removed, reduced, or delayed or, in the future, is insufficient to enable successful deployment of biomass power at the levels currently projected. 
 In addition, regulatory changes such as new requirements to install additional pollution control technology could require us to curtail or amend operations to meet new GHG and other emission limits. This may also affect demand for our products in addition to increasing our operational costs. Regulatory directives may require certain biomass standards to be satisfied in order for our customers to capture any available direct or indirect regulatory incentives from the use of our products. This typically is implemented through biomass sustainability criteria, which either are a mandatory element of eligibility for financial subsidies to biomass energy generators or may be expected to become mandatory in the future. For more information, see our risk factor titled Changes in the treatment of biomass could adversely impact our business. As a biomass fuel supplier, the viability of our business is therefore dependent on our ability to comply with such requirements. These requirements may restrict the types of biomass we can use and the geographic regions from which we source our raw materials and may require us to reduce GHG emissions associated with our supply and production processes. 
 Currently, some criteria with which we must comply, including rules relating to certain customer regulatory requirements, forestry best management practices, future adaption of climate smart forestry techniques and carbon accounting, are under revision. If different sustainability requirements are adopted in the future, demand for our products could be materially reduced in certain markets, and our results of operations, business and financial position, may be materially adversely affected. 
 Challenges to or delays in the issuance of air permits, or our failure to comply with our permits, could impair our operations and ability to expand our production. 
 Our plants are subject to the requirements of the Clean Air Act and must either receive minor source permits from the states in which they are located or a major source permit, which the U.S. EPA has the right to object to if it determines any proposed permit is not in compliance with applicable requirements. In general, our facilities are eligible for minor source 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 permits following the application of pollution control technologies. However, we could experience substantial delays with respect to obtaining such permits, including as a result of any challenges issuing such permits to the Company or other factors, which could impair our ability to operate our wood pellet production plants or expand our production capacity. In addition, any new air permits we receive could require that we incur additional expenses to install emissions control technologies or limit our operations. Such new permits could also impede our ability to satisfy emission limitations and/or stringent testing requirements to demonstrate compliance therewith. Failure to meet such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position. 
 Federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to forestry products and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions and delays, which could cause a decline in the demand for our products and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our raw materials are byproducts of traditional timber management and harvesting, principally the parts of the harvested wood that are not utilized in higher-value markets, such as the tops and limbs of trees, crooked or diseased trees, slash, understory, and thin tree lengths. Commercial forestry is regulated by complex regulatory frameworks at the federal, state, and local levels. Among other federal laws, the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act have been applied to commercial forestry operations through agency regulations and court decisions, as well as through the delegation to states to implement and monitor compliance with such laws. State forestry laws, as well as land-use regulations and zoning ordinances at the local level, are also used to manage forests in the Southeastern United States, as well as other regions from which we may need to source raw materials in the future. Any new or modified laws or regulations at any of these levels could have the effect of reducing forestry operations in areas where we procure our raw materials and consequently may prevent us from purchasing raw materials in an economic manner, or at all. In addition, future regulation of, or litigation concerning, the use of timberlands, the protection of endangered species, the promotion of forest biodiversity and the response to and prevention of wildfires, as well as litigation, campaigns or other measures advanced by special interest groups, could also reduce the availability of the raw materials required for our operations. 
 Changes in the treatment of biomass could adversely impact our business. 
 Various rules have been issued or may be issued in the future by government agencies, including in the jurisdictions where we sell our products, to regulate the sustainability criteria associated with the use of biomass, which in turn may require us to adopt certain practices in our operations. 
 On October 18, 2023, the Council of the EU and Presidents of the Parliament signed the final text of RED III, which entered into force on November 20, 2023, although there is an 18-month period for member states to transpose the directives into law. Under RED III, wood biomass continues to be recognized as a renewable energy source in the EU and, therefore, can be used in meeting the EU s climate targets. The EU s directives establish, among other things, targets for renewable energy supply and certain sustainability requirements for biomass, including requirements related to carbon stocks and land use. If the wood pellets we produce do not conform to these or future requirements, our customers would not be able to count energy generated therefrom towards these renewable energy goals, which could decrease demand for our products. RED III also implements additional changes relating to subsidies of biomass for example, no new subsidies for power biomass plants, no direct subsidies for industrial grade roundwood, and required application of the cascading principle to subsidy design. These provisions may impact our future operations and financial condition. 
 Additionally, the European Union s Deforestation Regulation EUDR becomes effective from December 30, 2024. Because wood pellet production for different markets is not segregated, all raw material sourcing for all mills must be EUDR compliant. Providing compliance will be challenging, due to the need to provide geolocation data for all fiber sources. The way to do this is still being worked on with customers and the European Commission. For EUDR, we are making improvements to our proprietary Track Trace system data collection process to ensure more accurate and timely capture of tract level and geolocation data required under the regulation. 
 Updates made to the sustainability requirements of RED under RED III have mostly been incorporated during the implementation of RED II. Any additional requirements from Member State transposition of RED III will not become apparent until we get closer to the transposition deadline of May 2025. 
 Relatedly, biomass has been under additional regulatory scrutiny in recent years to develop standards to safeguard against adverse environmental effects from its use, and certain special interest groups that focus on environmental issues have expressed their opposition to the use of biomass, both publicly and directly, to domestic and foreign regulators, policy makers, power, heat or combined heat, and generators and other industrial users of biomass. These groups are also actively lobbying, litigating, and undertaking other actions domestically and abroad in an effort to increase the regulation of, reduce or eliminate the incentives and support for, or otherwise delay, interfere with, or impede the production and use of biomass for or by 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 generators. Any changes in the treatment of biomass in jurisdictions where we sell or plan to sell our products could materially adversely affect our results of operations, business and financial condition. 
 Notwithstanding the above, we cannot guarantee that our products will continue to be considered renewable in all jurisdictions where our customers consume them or meet future standards or the expectations of third parties, governmental authorities, and stakeholders, related to the same, especially with respect to potential regulatory changes. This may adversely impact our business, harming our reputation, restricting or limiting access to and the cost of capital, and subjecting us to potential litigation risk. 
 Our operations are subject to stringent environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 Our operations are subject to stringent federal, regional, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern environmental protection, occupational health and safety, the release or discharge of materials into the environment, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the investigation and remediation of contaminated sites, and allocation of liability for cleanup of such sites. These laws and regulations may restrict or impact our business in many ways, including by requiring us to acquire permits or other approvals to conduct regulated activities, limiting our air emissions or wastewater discharges or requiring us to install costly equipment to control, reduce, or treat such emissions or discharges and impacting our ability to modify or expand our operations. We may be required to make significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, suspension or revocation of permits, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. Adoption of new or modified environmental laws and regulations may impair the operation of our business, delay or prevent expansion of existing facilities or construction of new facilities, and otherwise result in increased costs and liabilities, which may be material. 
 The actions of certain special interest groups could adversely impact our business. 
 Certain special interest groups that focus on environmental issues have expressed their opposition to the use of biomass, both publicly and directly to domestic and foreign regulators, policy makers, power, heat or combined heat and power generators, and other industrial users of biomass. These groups are also actively lobbying, litigating, and undertaking other actions domestically and abroad in an effort to increase the regulation of, reduce, or eliminate the incentives and support for, or otherwise delay, interfere with, or impede the production and use of biomass for or by heat and power generators. Such efforts, if successful, could materially adversely affect our results of operations, business and financial condition. 
 Increasing attention to ESG matters could adversely affect our business. 
 Increasing social and political attention to climate change and other environmental and social impacts may result in increased costs, changes in demand for certain types of products or means of production, enhanced compliance obligations, or other negative impacts to our business or our financial condition. Although we may participate in various voluntary frameworks and certification programs to improve the ESG profile of our operations and product, we cannot guarantee that such participation or certification will have the intended results on our ESG profile. 
 We periodically create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters and our goals, but many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on our expectations and assumptions, which may require substantial discretion and forecasts about costs and future developments. Such expectations and assumptions are also complicated by the lack of an established framework for identifying, measuring, and reporting on many ESG matters. Our estimates concerning the timing and cost of implementing our goals are subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside of our control. We cannot guarantee that such risks and uncertainties may not give rise to the need to restate or revise our goals, cause us to miss them altogether, or limit the impact of success of achieving our goals. We also may receive pressure from external sources, such as lenders, investors, or other groups, to adopt more aggressive climate or other ESG-related goals; however, we may not agree that such goals will be appropriate for our business, and we may not be able to implement such goals because of potential costs or technical or operational obstacles. 
 Relatedly, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed rating processes on evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us, our customers, or our industry, which could negatively impact our share price as well as our access to and cost of capital. Finally, to the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Further, public statements with respect to ESG matters, such as emissions reduction goals, other environmental targets, or other commitments addressing certain social issues, are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the risk of potential greenwashing, i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential ESG benefits. For example, in March 2021, the SEC established the Climate and ESG Task Force in the Division of Enforcement to identify and address potential ESG-related misconduct, including greenwashing. Certain non-governmental organizations and other private actors have also filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG-related statements, goals, or standards were misleading, false, or otherwise deceptive. As a result, we may face increased litigation risks from private parties and governmental authorities related to our ESG efforts. We could also face increasing costs as we attempt to comply with and navigate further regulatory focus and scrutiny. 
 Finally, any alleged claims of greenwashing against us or others in our industry may lead to further negative sentiment and diversion of investments. For example, on November 3, 2022, a putative securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in the District of Maryland against Enviva, John Keppler, and Shai Even. The lawsuit asserted claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder based on allegations that the Company made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business, operations, and compliance policies, particularly relating to its ESG practices. Specifically, the lawsuit alleged that the Company s statements were misleading as to the environmental sustainability of the Company s wood pellet production and procurement and the impact such statements would have on the Company s financials and growth potential. The lawsuit sought unspecified damages, equitable relief, interest and costs, and attorneys fees. Lead plaintiff and lead counsel were appointed on January 31, 2023, and their amended complaint was filed on April 4, 2023. The parties completed briefing on the Company s motion to dismiss on August 1, 2023, and the court granted the Company s motion to dismiss on July 3, 2024. The plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice on July 25, 2024. 
 Operational Risks 
 We may be unable to complete our construction projects on time, and our construction costs could increase to levels that make the return on our investment less than expected. 
 We may face delays or unexpected developments in completing the Epes facility or future construction projects, including as a result of inflation, supply chain issues, our failure to timely obtain the equipment, services, or access to infrastructure necessary for the operation of our projects at budgeted costs, maintain all necessary rights to land access and use and/or obtain and/or maintain environmental and other permits or approvals. These circumstances could prevent our construction projects from commencing operations or from meeting our original expectations concerning timing, operational performance, the capital expenditures necessary for their completion, and the returns they will achieve. In particular, the DIP Facility and the Plan contemplate include financing to complete the Epes facility. However, the amount and allocation of those funds are subject to the progress and timing of the Chapter 11 Cases and ultimate confirmation of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court. Any material delay in the timing of the Chapter 11 Cases or material change in the proposed funding could have a material effect on the costs and timing of the completion of the Epes facility, and such delays may result in increased costs associated with the project. 
 Moreover, design, development, and construction activities associated with a project may occur over an extended period of time but may generate little or no revenue or cash flow until the project is placed into commercial service. This mis-match in timing could reduce our available liquidity. For example, we had incurred construction expenses related to the construction of the Bond facility, which development was ceased in connection with the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases. Our inability to complete and transition our construction projects into financially successful operating projects on time and within budget or the failure of our projects to generate expected returns could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, results of operations, business, and financial position. 
 The satisfactory delivery of substantially all of our production is dependent on continuous access to infrastructure at our owned, leased, and third-party-operated terminals. Loss of access to our ports of shipment and destination, including through failure of terminal equipment and port closures, could adversely affect our financial results and cash available for dividends. 
 Substantially all of our production is dependent on infrastructure at our owned, leased, and third-party-operated terminals. Should we or a third-party operator suffer a catastrophic failure of the equipment at these terminals or otherwise experience port closures, including for security or weather-related reasons, we could be unable to fulfill off take obligations or incur substantial additional transportation costs, which would reduce our cash flow. Moreover, we rely on various ports of destination, as well as third parties who provide stevedoring or other services at our ports of shipment and destination or from whom we charter oceangoing vessels and crews, to transport our product to our customers. Loss of access to these ports for any reason, or failure of such third-party service providers to uphold their contractual obligations, may impact our ability to fulfill our obligations under our off-take contracts, cause interruptions to our shipping schedule and cause us to incur substantial additional 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 transportation or other costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our production plants and deep-water marine terminals could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 Our customers require a reliable supply of wood pellets that meet stringent product specifications. We have built our operations and assets to consistently deliver and certify the highest levels of product quality and performance, which is critical to the success of our business and depends significantly on the effectiveness of our quality control systems, including the design and efficacy of such systems, the success of our quality training program and our ability to ensure that our employees and contract counterparties adhere to our quality control policies and guidelines. Moreover, any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control systems could impact our ability to deliver product that meets our customers specifications and, in turn, could lead to rejection of our product by our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to operating hazards and other operational risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also not be adequately insured against such events. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by operating hazards and other risks to our operations. We produce a combustible product that presents a risk of fires and explosions or other hazards at our plants or terminals. Any such fire or explosion could cause injury, damage production plants or disrupt production or transportation, which could adversely impact our financial results or our ability to satisfy our obligations under our customer contracts. Moreover, severe weather, such as floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, or other natural disasters, climatic phenomena, such as drought, and other catastrophic events, such as plant or shipping disasters, could impact our operations by causing damage to our facilities and equipment, affecting our ability to deliver our product to our customers and impacting our customers ability to take delivery of our products. Floods, hurricanes, and wet conditions can damage production plants in the short term and forests in the long term, and result in increased costs associated with drying our product. Such events may also adversely affect the ability of our suppliers or service providers to provide us with the raw materials or services we require or the ability to load, transport, and unload our product. 
 In addition, the scientific community has concluded that severe weather will increase in frequency and intensity as result of increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere, and that climate change will have significant physical effects, including sea-level rise, increased frequency and severity of hurricanes and other storms, flooding, drought, and forest fires. We and our suppliers operate in coastal and wooded areas in geographic regions that are susceptible to such climate impacts. 
 We maintain insurance policies to mitigate against certain risks related to our business, in types and amounts that we believe are reasonable depending on the circumstances surrounding each identified risk; however, we may not be fully insured against all operating hazards and other operational risks incident to our business. Furthermore, we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates, if at all. As a result of market conditions and certain claims we may make under our insurance policies, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies could escalate. In some instances, insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage or at unreasonable rates. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we are not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash available for dividends to our stockholders. 
 We may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and improve our facilities. 
 Although we currently use a portion of our cash generated from our operations to maintain, develop, and improve our assets and facilities, such investment may, over time, be insufficient to preserve the operating profile required for us to meet our planned profitability or meet the evolving quality and product specifications demanded by our customers. Moreover, our current and future construction and other capital projects may be capital-intensive or suffer cost overruns. Accordingly, if we exceed our budgeted capital expenditures and/or additional capital expenditures become necessary in the future and we are unable to execute our construction, maintenance, or improvement programs successfully, within budget, and in a timely manner, our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to generate cash flows, may be materially adversely affected. Our future success depends on our ability to continuously improve and upgrade our existing plants to meet customer demands while at the same time maintaining the reliability and integrity of our existing plants. We may not be able to maintain or replace key technology and infrastructure at our existing plants as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. The profitability of our business is dependent on the continuous improvement of both our supply and maintenance costs. We may not be able to continuously reduce costs as effectively as we need to increase profitability. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our business and operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. 
 Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations. The cost of producing wood pellets tends to be higher in the winter months because of increases in the cost of delivered raw materials, primarily due to a reduction in accessibility during cold and wet weather conditions. Our raw materials typically have higher moisture content during this period, resulting in a lower product yield; moreover, the cost of drying wood fiber increases during periods of lower ambient temperatures. 
 The increase in demand for power and heat during the winter months drives greater customer demand for wood pellets. As some of our wood pellet supply to our customers are sourced from third-party purchases, we may experience higher wood pellet costs and a reduction in our gross margin during the winter months. These seasonal fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and cause comparisons of operating measures between consecutive quarters to not be as meaningful as comparisons between longer reporting periods. 
 Market and Credit Risks 
 Significant increases in the cost, or decreases in the availability, of raw materials or sourced wood pellets could result in lower revenue, operating profits, and cash flows, or impede our ability to meet commitments to our customers. 
 We purchase wood fiber from third-party landowners and other suppliers for use at our plants. Our reliance on third parties to secure wood fiber exposes us to potential price volatility and unavailability of such raw materials, and the associated costs may exceed our ability to pass through such price increases under our contracts with our customers. Further, delays or disruptions in obtaining wood fiber may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers, including extreme weather, production or delivery disruptions, inadequate logging capacity, labor disputes, impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, the inability of suppliers to comply with regulatory or sustainability requirements, or decreased availability of raw materials. In addition, other companies, whether or not in our industry, could procure wood fiber within our procurement areas and adversely change regional market dynamics, resulting in insufficient quantities of raw material or higher prices. 
 Any interruption or delay in the supply of wood fiber, or our inability to obtain wood fiber at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demands of our customers and expand our operations. 
 In addition to our production, we purchase wood pellets produced by other suppliers to fulfill our obligations under our portfolio of long-term off-take contracts or take advantage of market dislocations on an opportunistic basis. Any reliance on other wood pellet producers exposes us to the risk that such suppliers will fail to satisfy their obligations to us pursuant to the associated off-take contracts, including by failing to timely meet quality specifications and volume requirements. Any such failure could increase our costs or prevent us from meeting our commitments to our customers. 
 The materialization of any of the foregoing risks could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, business, and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our contract counterparties, including the customers for our products, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could adversely affect our financial results and cash generated from our operations. 
 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our contract counterparties, including our long-term off-take customers and suppliers. Our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to fully eliminate counterparty credit risk and we may be unable to enforce payment or performance from distressed counterparties. If we fail to adequately assess the creditworthiness of existing or future customers or suppliers, or if their creditworthiness deteriorates unexpectedly, any resulting nonpayment or nonperformance by them could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, business and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 Impacts to the cost or availability of transportation and other infrastructure could reduce our revenues. 
 Disruptions to or increases in the cost of local or regional transportation services and other forms of infrastructure, such as electricity, due to shortages of vessels, barges, railcars, or trucks, weather-related problems, flooding, drought, accidents, mechanical difficulties, bankruptcy, inflationary pressures, strikes, lockouts, bottlenecks, or other events could increase our costs, temporarily impair our ability to deliver products to our customers, and might, in certain circumstances, constitute a force majeure event under our customer contracts, permitting our customers to suspend taking delivery of and paying for our products. 
 In addition, persistent disruptions in our access to infrastructure may force us to halt production as we reach storage capacity at our facilities. Accordingly, if the primary transportation services we use to transport our products are disrupted, and 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 we are unable to find alternative transportation providers, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 We compete with other wood pellet producers and, if growth in domestic and global demand for wood pellets meets or exceeds management s expectations, the competition within our industry may grow significantly. 
 We compete with other wood pellet production companies for the customers to whom we sell our products. Other current producers of utility grade wood pellets include Drax Biomass Inc., AS Graanul Invest, Fram Renewable Fuels, LLC, Phu Tai Bio-Energy and Highland Pellets LLC. Competition in our industry is based on price, consistency and quality of product, site location, distribution and logistics capabilities, customer service, creditworthiness and reliability of supply. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and other resources than we do, may develop technology superior to ours, or may have production plants sited in more advantageous locations from a logistics, procurement, or other cost perspective. 
 In addition, demand growth in the industry may lead to a significant increase in the production levels of our existing competitors and may incentivize new, well capitalized competitors to enter the industry, both of which could reduce the demand for our products and the prices we are able to obtain under future off take contracts. Significant price decreases or reduced demand could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business, and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 Financial Risks 
 The DIP Facility is only available if we satisfy certain conditions and imposes significant restrictions on our operations 
 Proceeds of the DIP Facility may be used only in connection with an approved budget (adjusted for agreed variances). The DIP Facility will be made available in up to five draws, with the first draw occurring substantially contemporaneously with entry of the Interim DIP Order and the up to four additional draws subject to entry of the Final DIP Order. Each draw is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions under the DIP Credit Agreement, including compliance with meeting the milestones required by the RSA. Borrowings under the DIP Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, (i) the alternate base rate plus 7 per annum or (ii) the adjusted SOFR rate plus 8 per annum. The Debtors are required to pay certain other agreed fees to the DIP Creditors and the agents under the DIP Credit Agreement. The DIP Credit Agreement contains usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for transactions of this type. In addition, the Debtors are required to maintain a minimum liquidity of 30.0 million. There can be no assurance that funding sources will continue to be available, as our ability to generate cash flows from operations and our ability to continue to access the DIP Facility may be impacted by a variety of business, economic, legislative, financial, and other factors, which may be outside of our control. 
 Our level of indebtedness may increase, thereby reducing our financial flexibility. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our total debt was 1.8 billion, which primarily consisted of 750.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding under our 6.5 senior unsecured notes due 2026, 672.5 million aggregate principal outstanding under our senior secured credit facility (consisting of 568.5 million in revolving loans and 104.0 million in term loans), and 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of municipal notes issued in July and November 2022 to fund the construction of our plant near Epes, Alabama and our plant near Bond, Mississippi. All of this debt was stayed upon filing of the Chapter 11 Cases on March 12, 2024, and treatment of each of these claims will be addressed as part of the Plan. In the future, we may incur additional indebtedness in order to make acquisitions, develop our properties, or for general corporate purposes. Our level of indebtedness could affect our operations in several ways, including the following: 
 a significant portion of our cash flows could be used to service our indebtedness; 
 the covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends, and make certain investments; 
 our debt covenants may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 
 a high level of debt would increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including increasing interest rates and inflationary pressures; 
 a high level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may be less leveraged and therefore may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness would prevent us from pursuing; and 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 a high level of debt may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, or general corporate or other purposes. 
 In addition, borrowings under our credit facilities we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future may bear, interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase, such variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements. Additionally, higher market interest rates can also increase borrowing costs on fixed rate debt instruments to be issued in the future, or the refinancing of existing fixed-rate debt. As such higher interest rates could adversely affect our cash flow and reduce funds available for organic growth or to return capital to investors. 
 In addition to our debt service obligations, our operations require substantial expenditures on a continuing basis. Our ability to make scheduled debt payments, to refinance our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and to fund capital and non capital expenditures necessary to maintain the condition of our operating assets and properties, as well as to provide capacity for the growth of our business, depends on our financial and operating performance. General economic conditions and financial, business, and other factors affect our operations and our future performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital borrowings or debt or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. 
 Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as any hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may experience foreign currency exchange and interest rate volatility in our business. We may use hedging transactions with respect to certain of our off-take contracts which are, in part or in whole, denominated in foreign currencies and interest rate swaps with respect to any variable-rate debt, in an effort to achieve more predictable cash flow and to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations. 
 In addition, there may be instances in which costs and revenue will not be matched with respect to currency denomination. As a result, to the extent that existing and future off-take contracts are not denominated in U.S. Dollars, it is possible that increasing portions of our revenue, costs, assets, and liabilities will be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency valuations. 
 Such hedging transactions involve cost and risk and may not be effective at mitigating our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates. Although the use of hedging transactions may limit our downside risk, their use may also limit future revenues. Risks inherent in our hedging transactions include the risk that counterparties to hedging contracts may be unable to perform their obligations and the risk that the terms of such contracts will not be legally enforceable. Likewise, our hedging activities may be ineffective or may not fully offset the financial impact of foreign currency exchange or interest rates fluctuations, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, business and financial position. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our business may suffer if we lose, or are unable to attract and retain, key personnel, or if we are unable to successfully adapt to the new leadership team. 
 We depend to a large extent on the services of our senior management team and other key personnel. Members of our senior management and other key employees collectively have extensive expertise in designing, building, and operating wood pellet production plants or marine terminals, negotiating long term off-take contracts and managing businesses such as ours. Competition for management and key personnel is intense, and the pool of qualified candidates is limited. The loss of any of these individuals or the failure to attract additional personnel, as needed, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and could lead to higher labor costs or reliance on less qualified personnel. In addition, if any of our executives or other key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we could lose customers, suppliers, know-how, and key personnel. Our success is dependent on our ability to continue to attract, employ, and retain highly skilled personnel. 
 Since late 2022, we have experienced a number of significant leadership transitions including key roles of Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel. In addition, certain members of management have departed or changed roles in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases and further changes may be implemented in connection with the Plan. These leadership transitions have resulted, and may result in the future, in changes to our management style, operations, and strategies. Any significant leadership change or senior management transition involves inherent risk and could hinder our strategic planning, business execution and future performance. In particular, this or any future leadership transition may result in a loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge and changes in business strategy or objectives, and has the potential to disrupt our operations and relationships with employees and customers due to added costs, operational inefficiencies, changes in strategy, decreased employee morale and productivity, and increased turnover. Failure to successfully transition to the new leadership team could affect our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, business, and financial position. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The international nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks, including foreign exchange risk and unfavorable political, regulatory, and tax conditions in foreign countries. 
 Substantially all of our current product sales are to customers that operate outside of the United States. As a result, we face certain risks inherent in maintaining international operations that include foreign exchange movements, restrictions on foreign trade and investment, including currency exchange controls imposed by or in other countries and trade barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes, and other restrictions and expenses, which could increase the prices of our products and make our products less competitive in some countries. 
 Changes to applicable tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our business, cash flows, and future profitability. 
 We are subject to various complex and evolving U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. taxes. U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. tax laws, policies, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect, and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, and future profitability. 
 Labor strikes or work stoppages by our employees could harm our business. 
 As of December 31, 2023, none of our employees were represented by a labor union. However, unionization activities could occur among our employees. If employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown, or engage in other forms of labor strike, it could lead to disruptions in our business, increases in our operating costs, and constraints on our operating flexibility. Strikes, work stoppages, or an inability to negotiate collective bargaining agreements on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Our business is subject to cybersecurity risks. 
 As is typical of modern businesses, we are reliant on the continuous and uninterrupted operation of our information technology IT systems. User access and security of our sites and IT systems are critical elements of our operations, as are cloud security and protection against cybersecurity incidents. Any IT failure pertaining to availability, access, or system security could potentially result in disruption of our activities and personnel, and could adversely affect our reputation, operations, or financial performance. The energy industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations, and the use of mobile communication devices has rapidly increased. Industrial control systems such as supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA systems now control large-scale processes that can include multiple sites across long distances. In addition, cybersecurity attacks are also becoming more sophisticated and include, but are not limited to, ransomware, credential stuffing, spear phishing, social engineering, use of deepfakes (e.g., highly realistic synthetic media generated by artificial intelligence) and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to data for purposes of extortion or other malfeasance. The Company s technologies, systems, networks, including its SCADA system, and those of its business partners may become the target of cybersecurity attacks or security breaches. 
 We have experienced attempted cybersecurity attacks, but have not suffered any material adverse impacts to our business and operations as a result of such attempts. We have implemented security measures that are designed to detect and protect against cyberattacks. No security measure is infallible. Despite these measures and any additional measures, we may implement or adopt in the future, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, have been and are vulnerable to security breaches, computer viruses, lost or misplaced data, programming errors, scams, burglary, human errors, misdirected wire transfers, and other adverse events. Our efforts to improve security and protect data may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or bad actors with present access to our systems. 
 Potential risks to our IT systems could include unauthorized attempts to extract business-sensitive, proprietary, confidential, or personal information, unauthorized attempts to perpetrate denial of service attacks, extortion, corruption of information, or disruption of business processes. A cybersecurity incident resulting in a security breach or failure to identify a security threat could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of sensitive, confidential information or other assets, as well as litigation, including individual claims or class actions, regulatory enforcement, violation of privacy or securities laws and regulations, and remediation costs, all of which could materially impact our reputation, operations, or financial performance. 
 Our business is subject to privacy and data protection legislation compliance risks. 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws, directives, rules, and policies relating to privacy and the collection, protection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data and other data. The regulatory framework for data privacy and security worldwide is continuously evolving and developing and, as a result, 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 interpretation, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The European Union, e.g., has enacted the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (the EU GDPR ). The United Kingdom has implemented the Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU GDPR as it forms part of the laws of England and Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK GDPR ), each of which (to the extent such laws apply) broadly impacts businesses that handle various types of personal data, including employee personal data. 
 The corporate opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable affiliates of ours to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us. 
 Subject to the limitations of applicable law, our certificate of incorporation, among other things; permits us to enter into transactions with entities in which one or more of our officers or directors are financially or otherwise interested; permits any of our stockholders, officers or directors to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments; and provides that if any director or officer of one of our affiliates who is also one of our officers or directors becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction, or other matter (other than one expressly offered to that director or officer in writing solely in his or her capacity as our director or officer), that director or officer will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us, and will be permitted to communicate or offer that opportunity to such affiliates and that director or officer will not be deemed to have (i) acted in a manner inconsistent with his or her fiduciary or other duties to us regarding the opportunity or (ii) acted in bad faith or in a manner inconsistent with our best interests. 
 These provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity that would otherwise be available to us may be used for the benefit of one of our affiliates. 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner. 
 In connection with the preparation of the Company s audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, management identified multiple material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting whereby the Company did not design and execute controls in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These material weaknesses and the Company s plans to remediate those material weaknesses are described in Item 9A. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. 
 We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Description of Processes for Assessing, Identifying, and Managing Cybersecurity Risks 
 We may collect and store certain sensitive Company information, including proprietary and confidential business information, trade secrets, intellectual property, sensitive third-party information, and employee information. Our ability to manage our business functions efficiently and effectively depends significantly on the availability and security of this information. We seek to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks through the processes described below: 
 Risk Assessment 
 A multi-layered approach and methodology designed to protect and monitor data and manage cybersecurity risk has been implemented. Regular assessments of our cybersecurity safeguards are conducted by independent cybersecurity vendors who specialize in application and network penetration testing, threat emulation, social engineering, and best practice gap assessments. Our IT Risk and Cyber Security department conducts regular audits and assessments to identify, evaluate, and manage cybersecurity risks. As a result of these assessments and audits, we endeavor to update IT infrastructure, technical controls, procedures, policies, and education programs to improve resilience to cybersecurity threats. 
 Additionally, we assess third-party cybersecurity controls through a cybersecurity questionnaire and include security and privacy addenda to our contracts where applicable. 
 Incident Identification and Response 
 A cyber incident detection system has been implemented to help promptly identify cybersecurity incidents. In the event of any cybersecurity incident, we have a cross-functional incident response plan that is designed to provide for escalating actions to identify the cause, contain the incident, mitigate the impact, and efficiently restore normal operations. The incident response plan is reviewed annually, and a tabletop exercise testing the incident response plan is periodically conducted. 
 Cybersecurity Training and Awareness 
 We require all employees with access to our systems to complete an annual information and cyber security training and conduct simulated phishing campaigns to measure the effectiveness of the training program. 
 Access Controls 
 Users are provided with access consistent with the principle of least privilege, which requires that users be given no more access than necessary to complete their job functions. A multi-factor authentication requirement has been implemented for employees and third parties accessing sensitive company information. 
 Encryption and Data Protection 
 Encryption methods are used to protect sensitive data in transit and at rest. This includes the encryption of customer data, financial information, and other confidential data. 
 We engage third-party vendors, such as independent service auditors, consultants, regulatory auditors, law firms, forensic specialists, and other third-party service providers in connection with the above processes. We recognize that third-party service providers introduce cybersecurity risks. Additionally, we endeavor to include cybersecurity requirements in our contracts with service and solution providers and to require them to adhere to security standards and protocols. Further, we request that third-party service providers with access to personally identifiable information enter into data processing services agreements and adhere to our policies and standards. 
 The above cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into the Company s overall enterprise risk management processes. Cybersecurity risks are understood to be significant business risks, and as such, are considered an important component of our enterprise-wide risk management processes. 
 Impact of Risks from Cybersecurity Threats 
 We have experienced attempted cybersecurity attacks, but have not suffered any material adverse impacts to our business and operations as a result of such unsuccessful attempts. However, we acknowledge that cybersecurity attacks are continually evolving, and the possibility of future cybersecurity incidents remains. Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 processes, our security measures cannot guarantee that a significant cyberattack will not occur. A successful attack on our IT systems could have significant consequences to the business. While we devote resources to our security measures to protect our systems and information, these measures cannot provide absolute security. No security measure is infallible. See Item 1A Risk Factors for additional information about the risks to our business associated with a breach or compromise to our IT systems. 
 Board of Directors Oversight and Management s Role 
 Our Vice President, Information Technology oversees the Company s cybersecurity initiatives. The head of the IT Risk Cyber Security delivers quarterly updates to senior leaders, discussing the effectiveness of our cybersecurity strategy and to communicate our program, health, performance, metrics, and roadmap. In addition, our Vice President, Information Technology is responsible for upward reporting of emerging cybersecurity incidents. 
 Recognizing the importance of cybersecurity to the success and resilience of our business, the Board considers cybersecurity to be a vital aspect of corporate governance. To facilitate effective oversight, our Cyber Security team holds discussions on cybersecurity risks, incident trends, and the effectiveness of cybersecurity measures as necessitated by emerging material cyber risks. 
 Our Cyber Security team is made up of highly experienced professionals with an extensive background in information security and risk management, including disciplines such as security architecture, system security, identity and access management, communication and network security, security operations and software development security. This background includes experience across a variety of industries and various relevant degrees and certifications. The Cyber Security team is supported by managed service providers who bring diverse expertise in areas such as network security, data protection, and threat intelligence. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Information regarding our properties is contained in Part I, Item 1. Business and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 On November 3, 2022, a putative securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in the District of Maryland against Enviva, John Keppler, and Shai Even. On April 3, 2023, the lead plaintiff filed its amended complaint adding Jason E. Paral, Michael A. Johnson, Jennifer Jenkins, Don Calloway, and a number of underwriters of the Company s stock offering made pursuant to the Company s registration statement and prospectus dated January 19, 2022 as named defendants. The lawsuit asserted claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder as well as Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act based on allegations that the Company made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business, operations, and compliance policies, particularly relating to its ESG practices. Specifically, the lawsuit alleged that the Company s statements were misleading as to the environmental sustainability of the Company s wood pellet production and procurement and the impact such statements would have on the Company s financials and growth potential. The lawsuit sought unspecified damages, equitable relief, interest and costs, and attorneys fees. The parties completed briefing on the Company s motion to dismiss the amended complaint on August 1, 2023 and the court granted the Company s motion to dismiss on July 3, 2024. The plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice on July 25, 2024. 
 On September 12, 2023, a putative securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in the District of Maryland, Southern Division, against Enviva, John Keppler, Thomas Meth, Shai Even, and Michael Johnson. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder based on allegations that the Company made materially false and misleading statements regarding its expected financial performance for fiscal year 2023, including its expected EBITDA and dividend payments. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages with interest as well as recovery of Plaintiff s costs and attorneys fees. Enviva was voluntarily dismissed from the litigation on March 15, 2024. 
 Beginning on December 5, 2023, two purported stockholders filed derivative actions in federal district court in the District of Maryland against John Keppler, Thomas Meth, Shai Even, Michael Johnson, Ralph Alexander, John C. Bumgarner, Jr., Janet S. Wong, Eva T. Zlotnicka, Martin N. Davidson, Jim H. Derryberry, Gerrity Lansing, Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr., David M. Leuschen, Jeffrey W. Ubben, Gary L. Whitlock, and Enviva, as nominal defendant. The derivative actions purport to bring claims on behalf of Enviva against the individual defendants. The derivative actions seek to recover purported damages for Enviva related to the individual defendants purported compensation, Enviva s purported expenditures related to the securities class actions, and other amounts. The court consolidated the two actions on February 8, 2024. On April 15, 2024, the court stayed the litigation pending resolution of the Chapter 11 Cases. Enviva has insurance cov erage that, we believe, will cover 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 some or all of its liabilities related to the defense of this matter. However, litigation is inherently uncertain and we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred. 
 Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business, we do not believe that we are a party to any other litigation that may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court. For information on the Chapter 11 Cases, see Item 1. Business Chapter 11 Cases Restructuring Support Agreements, and Note 1, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation Bankruptcy Filing and Going Concern and Note 2, Subsequent Event Bankruptcy Filing in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result of the Bankruptcy Petitions, substantially all proceedings pending against the Debtors have been stayed. These matters will be subject to resolution in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and applicable orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol EVA. On January 23, 2024, we were notified by the NYSE that the average closing price of shares of our common stock had fallen below 1.00 per share over a period of 30 consecutive trading days, which is the minimum average share price for continued listing on the NYSE under Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Manual ). On April 2, 2024 we received a second written notice from the NYSE that due to the delay in filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 with the SEC, we were no longer in compliance with Section 802.01E of the NYSE Manual. If we fail to regain compliance with Section 802.01C and Section 802.01E of the NYSE Manual during a 6-month cure period, the NYSE may commence suspension and delisting procedures. Our common stock will continue to be listed on the NYSE during this six month period, subject to compliance with other continued listing requirements. 
 In addition, if our total market capitalization falls below an average of 50 million for 30 consecutive trading days and we are unable to regain compliance during an 18-month cure period, the NYSE may commence suspension and delisting procedures pursuant to Section 802.01B of the NYSE Manual. As of August 30, 2024, our 30 day average market capitalization was 36.0 million. Lastly, if (i) the price per share of our common stock falls to an abnormally low price, (ii) our market capitalization falls below an average of 15 million for 30 consecutive trading days, or (iii) we choose to file bankruptcy petitions or liquidate the Company, the NYSE may immediately commence suspension and delisting procedures pursuant to Section 802.01D, 802.01B, and 802.01D, respectively. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of September 23, 2024, there were 74.9 million shares of common stock outstanding held by 43 stockholders of record. Because many shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of our stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these stockholders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we declared dividends of 0.905 per common share totaling 60.9 million. The Board evaluated the Company s business strategy and opportunities and determined on May 2, 2023 to not pay dividends at that time. The decision to pay future dividends is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. Our board of directors determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. 
 Effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on Common Stock 
 The Proposed Plan contemplates that the holders of equity interests, including the holders of our common stock, may be entitled to recovery at significantly less than the previous trading value of such existing equity interests. Such potential recovery is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court and there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any recovery. As set forth herein, and subject to certain conditions outside of the Company s control, including classes of certain unsecured claims voting to accept the Proposed Plan, the Proposed Plan contemplates distribution to each holder of an Existing Equity Interest (as defined in the Proposed Plan) of its pro rata share of either (i) cash in an amount equal to 1 million or (ii) the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants (each, as defined in the Proposed Plan), and with respect to (ii), solely to the extent a holder of an Existing Equity Interest affirmatively elects to receive such treatment in lieu of cash on a timely and properly submitted ballot and the value of the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants is greater than 0 , following dilution by the transactions contemplated by the Proposed Plan. At the valuation contemplated in the Proposed Plan, the value specified in (ii) above would not be greater than 0 , and the holders of the Existing Equity Interests would receive only their pro rata share of 1 million. We expect that potential revisions to the Plan will result in equity receiving no recovery. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares our cumulative total stockholder return since December 31, 2018 with the S P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2018. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information relating to our equity compensation plans required by Item 5 is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Unregistered Sales of Securities 
 We did not have any sales of unregistered equity securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 that we have not previously reported on a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Repurchase of Securities 
 On May 2, 2023, our Board adopted a program for the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our common stock. We did not make any repurchases under the program during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Enviva Inc. is a Delaware corporation and references to Enviva, the Company, we, us, or our refer to Enviva Inc. and its subsidiaries. Please read Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements beginning on page 1 and Item 1A. Risk Factors for information regarding certain risks inherent in our business. 
 
 Business Overview 
 We develop, construct, acquire, and own and operate, contracted wood pellet production plants where we aggregate a natural resource, wood fiber, and process it into dry, densified, uniform pellets that can be effectively stored and transported around the world. We primarily sell our wood pellets through long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with customers in Japan, the United Kingdom, and the European Union, who use our wood pellets to generate power and heat. Our wood pellets meet the criteria put forth by the European Union s Renewable Energy Directive RED III ), which includes biomass in its definition of renewable energy. 
 We own and operate ten plants (collectively, our plants strategically located in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and Mississippi. We export our wood pellets to global markets through our deep-water marine terminal at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia, terminal assets at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina and the Port of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and from third-party, deep-water marine terminals in Savannah, Georgia, Mobile, Alabama, and Panama City, Florida. In 2022, we commenced construction of a wood pellet production plant near Epes, Alabama (the Epes plant ), which is designed and permitted to produce more than one million metric tons MT per year of wood pellet s. Our facilities are located in geographic regions with low input costs and favorable transportation logistics. Our raw materials are byproducts of the sawmilling process or traditional timber harvesting, principally low-value wood materials, such as trees generally not suited for sawmilling or other manufactured forest products, and treetops and limbs, understory, brush, and slash that are generated in a harvest. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Chapter 11 Cases 
 On March 12, 2024 (the Petition Date ), the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia Bankruptcy Court ). On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court granted motions filed by the Company seeking joint administration of the Chapter 11 Cases under the caption In re: Enviva Inc., et al ., Case No. 24-10453 (the Chapter 11 Cases ). The Company is continuing to operate in the ordinary course throughout the Chapter 11 Cases as debtors in possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions described above constitutes an event of default and acceleration under each of the following debt instruments (the Debt Instruments ): 
 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2019, by and among the Company (as successor to Enviva Partners, LP), Enviva Partners Finance Corp., each of the guarantors party thereto, and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (as successor to Wilmington Trust, N.A.), as trustee. 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2018 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Company, Enviva, LP, each of the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Ankura Trust Company, LLC, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other parties thereto; 
 Indenture of Trust (as amended, restated, modified, supplemented, or replaced from time to time), dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as trustee; 
 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated effective as of July 15, 2022, by and among The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, the Company, and certain of its subsidiaries; 
 Indenture of Trust (as amended, restated, modified, supplemented, or replaced from time to time), dated as of November 1, 2022, by and between Mississippi Business Finance Corporation and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as trustee; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated effective as of November 22, 2022, by and among Mississippi Business Finance Corporation, the Company, and certain of its subsidiaries; 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2022, by and among Enviva Pellets Epes, LLC, the lenders party thereto, and the Company; and 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2022, by and between Enviva Pellets Epes Finance Company, LLC and United Bank. 
 The Debt Instruments provide that as a result of the Bankruptcy Petitions, the principal and interest due thereunder shall be immediately due and payable. However, any efforts to enforce such payment obligations under the Debt Instruments has been automatically stayed as a result of the Bankruptcy Petitions, and the creditors rights of enforcement in respect of the Debt Instruments is subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 The Debtors have obtained requested relief from the Bankruptcy Court that enables the Debtors to maintain business-as-usual operations and uphold their respective commitments to their stakeholders, including employees, customers, and vendors during the restructuring process, subject to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with then applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Restructuring Support Agreements 
 On the Petition Date, the Company entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (including any schedules and exhibits attached thereto, the RSA with (i) certain subsidiaries of the Company (together with the Company, the Company RSA Parties ), (ii) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders of the Company s outstanding 6.5 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and the holders thereof, the 2026 Noteholders ), (iii) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders, whether as record holders or participants, of loans or commitments under the Company s senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the lenders thereunder, the Credit Facility Lenders ), (iv) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders of Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) issued by the Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama (the Epes Green Bonds and the holders thereof, the Epes Bondholders ), and (v) certain participating holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and/or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders of Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) issued by Mississippi Business Finance Corporation (the Bond Green Bonds and the holders thereof, the Bond Bondholders, and together with the 2026 Noteholders, the Credit Facility Lenders, and the Epes Bondholders, the Restructuring Support Parties ). 
 Under the terms of the RSA, the Restructuring Support Parties have agreed to support a restructuring of the Company RSA Parties under a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the Plan to be proposed in accordance with the terms set forth in the RSA. The Restructuring Support Parties and the Company RSA Parties have entered into certain amendments to the RSA, including to extend certain milestones and deadlines thereunder. 
 The Company RSA Parties also entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (including any schedules and exhibits attached thereto, the Bond MS RSA with certain Bond Bondholders comprising a majority of Bond Green Bonds outstanding and the Bond Green Bonds Trustee (as defined in the Bond MS RSA). Under the Bond MS RSA, the Company agreed, among other obligations described in the term sheet attached as Exhibit A thereto (the Bond MS Term Sheet ), to promptly seek court approval of a settlement with the Bond Bondholders party thereto and the Bond Green Bonds Trustee, whereby the Company RSA Parties will consent to the partial redemption of the Bond Green Bonds via the release of certain funds currently held by the Bond Green Bonds Trustee (the Construction Funds ). In exchange, the Bond Green Bondholders and the Bond Green Bonds Trustee both agree, among other obligations described in the Bond MS Term Sheet, and subject to any rights granted by the Bond MS RSA, to support the Plan. On May 8, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the settlement in the Bond MS Term Sheet (the Bond MS Settlement Order ). Pursuant to the Bond MS Settlement Order, the Bond Green Bonds Trustee transferred the Construction Funds to the Settlement Fund (as defined in the Bond MS RSA) for further distribution by the Bond Green Bonds Trustee to the Bond Bondholders. 
 DIP Facility 
 On March 15, 2024, the Debtors entered into a Debtor-in-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement (the DIP Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, and the other Debtors, as guarantors, the various lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), and Acquiom Agency Services LLC Acquiom and Seaport Loan Products LLC, as co-administrative agents, and Acquiom, as collateral agent providing for a debtor-in-possession term loan and notes facility (the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 DIP Financing in an amount not to exceed 500.0 million. On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court granted interim approval of the motion to approve the DIP Financing (the Interim DIP Order and borrowing of up to 150.0 million of the loans and notes thereunder. Following the issuance of the Interim DIP Order, the Company offered certain eligible holders of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock the opportunity to subscribe to participate in the syndication of up to 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of DIP Financing (the Syndication pursuant to certain procedures (the Syndication Procedures ). On May 3, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered a final order approving the full amount of the DIP Financing and the Syndication (the Final DIP Order ). As authorized by the Final DIP Order, participants in the Syndication became Lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement as of May 6, 2024. An appeal from the Final DIP Order seeking to strike the Syndication was filed by the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors and remains pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. 
 The proceeds of the loans and notes under the DIP Credit Agreement are designated to pay the Debtors operating expenses, help fund the completion of the Epes plant, and pay other fees, expenses, and other expenditures of the Debtors to be set forth in rolling budgets prepared in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, which are subject to approval by the DIP Creditors. The Lenders and the Company together have entered into several technical amendments to the DIP Credit Agreement, either to clarify defined terms or extend deadlines related to reporting by the Company. The Lenders and the Company together have entered into several technical amendments to the DIP Credit Agreement, either to clarify defined terms or extend deadlines related to reporting by the Company. 
 Stock Procedures 
 On March 13, 2024, the Debtors filed a motion NOL Motion seeking entry of an interim and final order establishing certain procedures and restrictions with respect to the direct or indirect purchase, disposition, or other transfer of the Common Stock (and declarations of worthlessness with respect to such Common Stock) (such procedures, Stock Procedures ), and seeking related relief, in order to preserve and protect the potential value of the Debtors net operating losses NOLs and certain other tax attributes of the Debtors (together with the NOLs, Tax Attributes ). On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting the NOL Motion and approving the Stock Procedures on an interim basis. On April 12, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting the NOL Motion and approving the Stock Procedures on a final basis. 
 Chapter 11 Plan and Equity Rights Offering 
 On August 30, 2024, the Debtors filed a proposed Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Enviva Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates (the Proposed Plan and a related proposed form of Disclosure Statement (the Proposed Disclosure Statement with the Bankruptcy Court. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this section shall the meanings set forth in the Proposed Plan. The Proposed Plan and the related Proposed Disclosure Statement describe, among other things, the Proposed Plan; the restructuring of the Debtors set forth therein; the events leading to the Chapter 11 Cases; and certain events that have occurred or are anticipated to occur during the Chapter 11 Cases, including the anticipated solicitation of votes to approve the Proposed Plan from certain of the Debtors creditors and existing equity holders, as well as the risks related to, among other things, the Chapter 11 Cases. The Proposed Plan provides for, among other things: 
 The sale of our interests following a reorganization (the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests pursuant to a rights offering (the Equity Rights Offering to raise proceeds in an aggregate amount equal to (i) 250 million plus (ii) the principal amount of any DIP Tranche A Loans under the DIP Facility to the extent the Holders of such Loans do not elect to participate in the DIP Tranche A Equity Participation, which Rights Offering is expected to be fully backstopped; 
 Entry into a 1 billion first lien senior secured exit facility, which certain commitment parties are expected to backstop; provided that the Company may seek proposals for alternative debt financing for all or part of the Company s debt capital structure in consultation with an ad hoc group of the Company s previous creditors; 
 The DIP Tranche A Equity Participation, subject to certain conditions in the DIP Credit Agreement; 
 Repayment of the DIP Tranche A Loans (to the extent the Holders of which do not elect to participate in the DIP Tranche A Equity Participation) and the DIP Tranche B Loans under the DIP Facility in cash; 
 Repayment of our senior secured credit facility in cash; 
 Distribution of Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests and rights to participate in the Equity Rights Offering to holders of certain unsecured claims; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution of cash in an aggregate amount equal to either 18 million or 13 million, depending on whether certain conditions are met, to holders of certain unsecured claims; 
 Subject to certain conditions outside of the Company s control, including classes of certain unsecured claims voting to accept the Proposed Plan, distribution to each holder of an Existing Equity Interest of its pro rata share of either (i) cash in an amount equal to 1 million or (ii) the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants, and with respect to (ii), solely to the extent a holder of an Existing Equity Interest affirmatively elects to receive such treatment in lieu of cash on a timely and properly submitted ballot and the value of the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants is greater than 0 following dilution by the transactions contemplated by the Proposed Plan; and 
 An overbid process, consistent with the terms of the Final DIP Order and certain overbid procedures, to solicit bids for a value-maximizing alternative transaction. 
 In addition, the Company filed motions (i) for entry of an order approving the adequacy of the Proposed Disclosure Statement, approving the solicitation of votes in favor of the Plan, and establishing procedures from the proposed Equity Rights Offering, described in the Proposed Plan and the Proposed Disclosure Statement and (ii) for entry of an order authorizing the Company entry into a backstop agreement related to the proposed equity rights offering (the Disclosure Statement Motions ). 
 Backstop Agreement 
 On August 30, 2024, the Debtors entered into a Backstop Commitment Agreement (as amended, the Backstop Agreement with certain Equity Commitment Parties pursuant to which each of the Equity Commitment Parties has agreed to backstop, severally and not jointly and subject to the terms and conditions in the Backstop Agreement, the Equity Rights Offering. The Debtors obligations under the Backstop Agreement, including the payment of certain premiums set forth therein, remain subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 Exit Facilities Commitment Letter 
 On August 30, 2024, the Debtors entered into a commitment letter (as amended, the Commitment Letter with the certain commitment parties pursuant to which the commitment parties have committed to provide to the Debtors a first lien senior secured facility in an aggregate principal amount of 1 billion upon emergence from Chapter 11 Cases. The Debtors obligations under the Commitment Letter, including the payment of certain premiums set forth therein, remain subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 Basis of Presentation and Factors Impacting Comparability of Our Financial Results 
 Simplification Transaction 
 On December 31, 2021, Enviva Partners, LP (the Partnership converted from a Delaware limited partnership to a Delaware corporation (the Conversion named Enviva Inc. Prior to the Conversion, on October 14, 2021, the Partnership acquired our former sponsor and Enviva Partners GP, LLC (our former general partner), and the incentive distribution rights held by our former sponsor were cancelled and eliminated (collectively, the Simplification Transaction in exchange for 16.0 million common units of the Partnership, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor. In connection with the Simplification Transaction, the Partnership acquired certain assets under development, as well as off-take contracts in varying stages of negotiation. Additionally, the Partnership s existing management services fee waivers and other support agreements with our former sponsor were consolidated, fixed, and novated to certain owners of our former sponsor. Under the consolidated support agreement, we are entitled to receive quarterly payments (the Support Payments in an aggregate amount of 55.5 million with respect to periods from the fourth quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2024. The owners of our former sponsor agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from 9.0 million of the 16.0 million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction during the period beginning with the distribution for the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. Support Payments were suspended in 2023 as a result of the Company suspending the payment of dividends. 
 Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary Enviva, LP owns all of the Class B units of Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC (the Hamlet JV ). The Hamlet JV owns a wood pellet production plant in Hamlet, North Carolina (the Hamlet plant ). Enviva, LP is the managing member of the Hamlet JV, which is a consolidated subsidiary partially owned by a third party. The Hamlet JV is not a Debtor in the Chapter 11 cases. For more information regarding Enviva, LP s rights and obligations with respect to the Hamlet JV, see Note 17 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, Equity Hamlet JV . 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring Inclusive of Related Severance Expenses 
 During the second quarter of 2023, we implemented a restructuring plan, separate and apart from our restructuring efforts in connection with the RSA and Bond MS RSA, to optimize production and growth. The primary components of the restructuring were reductions in our workforce and corporate and other expenses. 
 During the second quarter of 2023, we had an initial reduction in force of certain leadership employees, accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements at our principal executive offices, and a reduction of our office lease expenses. We completed a broader reduction in force during the third quarter of 2023. 
 The following table summarizes our pre-tax restructuring expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023: 
 Cash-based employee severance expenses 6,553 Non-cash equity-based compensation 11,825 Accelerated leasehold improvement depreciation 1,248 Impairment of right-of-use asset 216 Total 19,842 
 Accounting for Wood Pellets Sale Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Q4 2022 Transactions 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into agreements with a customer to purchase approximately 1.8 million MT of wood pellets between 2023 and 2025 (the new purchase agreements ). At that time, we also entered into additional wood pellet sales contracts (together with the new purchase agreements, the Q4 2022 Transactions that together with our existing sales contracts with the customer, totaled approximately 2.8 million MT, with deliveries to take place between 2022 and 2026. Under the Q4 2022 Transactions, the quantities we agreed to purchase exceeded the quantities we agreed to sell. Although the new purchase agreements were priced at market prices in effect at the time the new purchase agreements were entered into, the 1.8 million MT of wood pellet purchases were not hedged with contracted sales at similar pricing or volume. 
 Under the revenue accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), the Q4 2022 Transactions constituted a contract modification. Because the scope of the modification resulted in a net decrease in future sales volumes to the customer, in 2022 we accounted for the modification as if we had terminated the existing sale contracts and created a new, single contract. In addition, the new purchase agreements constitute a repurchase agreement under GAAP and were required to be accounted for as a financing arrangement. 
 During year ended December 31, 2023, gross proceeds of 37.2 million were received from the sales of 0.2 million MT of wood pellets delivered to the customer. During the year ended December 31, 2023, interest expense of 79.3 million was recorded to financing liabilities based on the difference between the blended sales price and the future purchase price per MT of the pellets subject to repurchase. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased an insignificant volume of wood pellets for 11.1 million under the Q4 2022 Transactions and sold those volumes to a different customer. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we included in net cash provided by financing activities, instead of in net cash provided by operating activities, cash received of 37.2 million on transfers to the customer and cash paid of 8.9 million for purchases from the customer and a settlement payment. 
 On November 11, 2023, we entered into a standstill agreement (the Standstill Agreement with the counterparty to the Q4 2022 Transactions and later amended it on December 8, 2023. The amended Standstill Agreement expired on December 31, 2023. Upon expiration, the counterparty became entitled to issue termination notices in respect of outstanding purchase and supply agreements and to invoice us for termination fees equal to 350.0 million in aggregate. The expiration of the Standstill Agreement also decreased adjusted gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2023 by 177.8 million, consisting of a 111.6 million charge, exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of 11.7 million, to eliminate finished goods inventory subject to repurchase that are no longer recoverable and a 66.2 million charge to increase the liability due to the counterparty of the Q4 2022 Transactions to the 350.0 million termination fees and to eliminate the contract asset to the same counterparty following the termination of the associated agreements. 
 Increased Borrowing under Senior Secured Credit Facility and Higher Interest Rate 
 During 2023 compared to 2022, we had higher average amounts borrowed and higher interest rates on our Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Omicron Variant of Novel Coronavirus 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Omicron variant of COVID-19 significantly impacted our operations and resulted in 15.2 million of incremental costs. Our contractors and supply chain partners experienced labor-related and other challenges associated with COVID-19 that had a more pronounced than anticipated impact on our operations and project execution schedule. In addition, the prevalence of the Omicron variant of COVID-19 and increased rates of infection across areas in which we operate affected the availability of healthy workers from time to time at our facilities, and we experienced increased rates of absence in our hourly workforce as workers who contracted COVID-19 quarantined at home. These absences contributed to reduced facility availability and, in some cases, reduced aggregate production levels. For more information about the effects of COVID-19 on the year ended December 31, 2022, please see below under Results of Operations. 
 War in Ukraine 
 The war in Ukraine impacted our operations and resulted in 5.1 million of incremental costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which were incurred during the first quarter of 2022. Our third-party shipping partners operations experienced severe dislocations which incrementally impacted our distribution costs related to demurrage and to loading, transporting, and unloading our wood pellets. In addition, the immediate spike in energy prices negatively impacted the cost of our operations, including incremental costs to support continued services from our third-party fiber suppliers and trucking service providers. 
 
 How We Generate Revenue 
 Overview 
 We earn revenue by supplying wood pellets to our customers under off take contracts, the majority of which are long-term in nature. Our off-take contracts are considered take-or-pay because they include a firm obligation of the customer to take a fixed quantity of product at a stated price and provisions that require that we be compensated in the case of a customer s failure to accept all or a part of the contracted volumes or termination of a contract by a customer. Each of our long-term off-take contracts defines the annual volume of wood pellets that a customer is required to purchase, and we are required to sell, the fixed price per MT for product satisfying a base net calorific value, and other technical specifications. These prices are fixed for the entire term and are subject to adjustments, which may include annual inflation-based adjustments or price escalators, price adjustments for product specifications, as well as, in some instances, price adjustments due to changes in underlying indices. Additionally, the majority of our long-term off-take contracts include cost pass-through mechanisms for bunker fuel adjustments and certain handling costs, including demurrage costs, in our long-term shipping contracts. Some of our product volumes are sold under off-take contracts that include cost pass-through mechanisms to mitigate increases in raw material and distribution costs. 
 Depending on the specific off-take contract, shipping terms under our long-term contracts are either Cost, Insurance and Freight CIF ), Cost and Freight CFR ), or Free On Board FOB ). Most of our long-term contracts are a CIF contract where we procure and pay for shipping costs, which include insurance and all other charges, up to the port of destination for the customer. Under a CFR contract, we procure and pay for shipping costs, which include insurance (excluding marine cargo insurance) and all other charges, up to the port of destination for the customer. Shipping under CIF and CFR contracts after control has passed to the customer is considered a fulfillment activity, rather than a performance obligation, and associated expenses are accrued and included in the price to the customer. Under FOB contracts, the customer is directly responsible for shipping costs. 
 In some cases, we may purchase shipments of product from third-party suppliers and resell them in back-to-back transactions purchase and sale transactions ). We typically are the principal in such transactions because we control the wood pellets prior to transferring them to the customer and therefore recognize related revenue on a gross basis. 
 Net revenue also includes fees from customers related to cancellations, deferrals, or accelerations of shipments and certain sales and marketing, scheduling, sustainability, consultation, shipping, and risk management services. 
 
 Costs of Conducting Our Business 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold includes the costs to produce and deliver our wood pellets to customers, reimbursable shipping-related costs associated with specific off-take contracts with CIF or CFR shipping terms, and costs associated with purchase and sale transactions. The primary expenses incurred to produce and deliver our wood pellets consist of raw material, production, and distribution costs. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 We have strategically located our plants in the Mid-Atlantic and Gulf Coast regions of the United States, geographic areas in which wood fiber sources are plentiful and readily available. We have short-term and long-term contracts to manage the supply of raw materials into our plants. Delivered wood fiber costs include stumpage, as well as harvesting, transportation, and in some cases, size-reduction services provided by our suppliers. 
 Production costs at our production plants consist of labor, energy, tooling, repairs and maintenance, and plant overhead costs. Production costs also include depreciation expense associated with the use of our plants and equipment. Cost of goods sold includes any gain or loss on disposal of associated assets, which is separately presented in our consolidated statements of operations. Some of our off-take contracts include price escalators that mitigate inflationary pressure on certain components of our production costs. In addition to the wood pellets that we produce at our owned and operated production plants, we selectively purchase additional quantities of wood pellets from other wood pellet producers. Costs associated with purchase and sale transactions are included in cost of goods sold. 
 Distribution costs include all transportation costs from our plants to our port locations, any storage or handling costs while the product remains at port, and shipping costs related to the delivery of our product from our port locations to our customers. Both the strategic location of our plants and our ownership or control of our deep-water terminals have allowed for the efficient and cost-effective transportation of our wood pellets. We seek to mitigate shipping risk by entering into long-term, fixed-price shipping contracts with reputable shippers matching the terms and volumes of our off-take contracts pursuant to which we are responsible for arranging shipping. Certain of our off-take contracts include pricing adjustments for volatility in fuel prices, which allow us to pass the majority of the fuel-price risk associated with shipping through to our customers. 
 Raw material, production, and distribution costs associated with delivering our wood pellets to our owned and leased marine terminals and third-party wood pellet purchase costs are capitalized as a component of inventory. Fixed production overhead, including the related depreciation expense, is allocated to inventory based on the normal capacity of the production plants. When the inventory is sold, the depreciation allocated to it is reflected as depreciation and amortization expense in our consolidated statements of operations, while the other fixed production overhead allocated to inventory is reflected in cost of goods sold, excluding depreciation and amortization. Distribution costs associated with shipping our wood pellets to our customers are expensed as incurred. Our inventory is recorded using the first-in, first-out method FIFO ). Given the nature of our inventory, the calculation of cost of goods sold is based on estimates used in the valuation of the FIFO inventory and in determining the specific composition of inventory that is sold to each customer. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Our actual results may materially differ from these estimates. 
 For accounting policies and estimates that we believe are critical to our consolidated financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved, please see the following disclosures within the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Note 4, Significant Accounting Policies , specifically about Inventories , Revenue Recognition , Cost of Goods Sold , and Property, Plant and Equipment . 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4, Significant Accounting Policies Recently Adopted Accounting Standards and Recently Issued Accounting Standards not yet Adopted , in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted Gross Margin per Metric Ton 
 We define adjusted gross margin as gross margin excluding impairment of assets and loss on disposal of assets, non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense, depreciation and amortization, changes in unrealized derivative instruments 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 related to hedged items, acquisition and integration costs and other, effects of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine, and Support Payments. We define adjusted gross margin per metric ton as adjusted gross margin per metric ton of wood pellets sold. We believe adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton are meaningful measures because they compare our revenue-generating activities to our cost of goods sold for a view of profitability and performance on a total-dollar and a per-metric ton basis. Adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton primarily will be affected by our ability to meet targeted production volumes and to control direct and indirect costs associated with procurement and delivery of wood fiber to our wood pellet production plants and our production and distribution of wood pellets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), early retirement of debt obligation, non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense, impairment of assets and loss on disposal of assets, changes in unrealized derivative instruments related to hedged items, cash-based restructuring inclusive of severance expense, acquisition and integration costs and other, effects of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine, Support Payments, and Executive separation. Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure used by our management and other users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, and research analysts to assess the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods or capital structure. 
 Limitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin per metric ton, and adjusted EBITDA are not financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Each of these non-GAAP financial measures has important limitations as an analytical tool because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. You should not consider adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin per metric ton, or adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. Please see below for a reconciliation of each of adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton, and adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change (in thousands) Net revenue 1,177,853 1,094,276 83,577 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding items below 1,218,111 927,453 290,658 Goodwill impairment 103,928 103,928 Impairment of assets 66,150 66,150 Loss on disposal of assets 15,067 8,607 6,460 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses 117,179 119,713 (2,534) Restructuring inclusive of related severance expenses 19,842 19,842 Executive separation 20,813 (20,813) Depreciation and amortization 145,446 113,177 32,269 Total operating costs and expenses 1,685,723 1,189,763 495,960 Loss from operations (507,870) (95,487) (412,383) Other (expense) income: Interest expense (102,677) (62,013) (40,664) Interest expense on repurchase accounting (79,310) (9,572) (69,738) Total interest expense (181,987) (71,585) (110,402) Other income, net 4,005 1,198 2,807 Net loss before income taxes (685,852) (165,874) (519,978) Income tax (benefit) expense (42) 2,494 (2,536) Net loss (685,810) (168,368) (517,442) 
 Net revenue 
 Net revenue consisted of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Change (in thousands) Product sales 1,217,725 1,079,814 137,911 Breakage revenue 
 44,105 6,381 37,724 Termination of all contracts with customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions 
 (67,176) (67,176) Impairment of customer assets 
 (26,471) (26,471) Other revenue 
 9,670 8,081 1,589 Net revenue 1,177,853 1,094,276 83,577 
 Revenue related to product sales for wood pellets produced or procured by us increased to 1,217.7 million in 2023, from 1,079.8 million in 2022. The 137.9 million, or 13 , increase was primarily attributable to a 14 increase in product sales volumes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the average sales price per MT was significantly lower than the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by a less favorable pricing environment for wood pellets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, wood pellet spot market prices, as well as the forward curve pricing of certain European indices, exceeded 400 per MT, representing a substantial premium to the current long-term contracted pricing of roughly 200 to 220 per MT across Enviva s weighed average portfolio, and we captured some of the differential during the year ended December 31, 2022. The significant decrease in average sales price per MT was partially offset by incremental product sales revenue of 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 67.6 million recoverable from our customers related to handling costs incurred at discharge ports for our wood pellet shipments. Although these revenues are primarily a pass-through of incurred costs to our customers, our accounting policy is to account for the recovery of these handling costs as a fulfillment activity which requires such reimbursements to be recognized as product sales revenue and the costs to be recognized in cost of goods sold. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded a reduction for the termination of all contracts with customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions of 65.2 million to increase the liability to this counterparty to the 350.0 million termination fees after the expiration of the Standstill Agreement on December 31, 2023. Under the Standstill Agreement, we agreed to reimburse the customer for certain costs that it incurred during the standstill period, which resulted in 2.0 million being recognized as a reduction to net revenue during t he year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Breakage revenue increased to 44.1 million in 2023, from 6.4 million in 2022. Breakage revenue includes payments to us for adjusting deliveries under our take-or-pay off-take contracts, which is recognized under a breakage model based on when the wood pellets would have been loaded onto ships for delivery to those customers. 
 Impairment of customer assets represents a reduction in net revenue by the amount of customer assets (with customers other than the customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions) that was not expected to be recoverable as the expected costs exceeded the contract cash flows. During the year ended December 31, 2023, 26.5 million of impairments of customer assets were recorded as a reduction to net revenue as the amount was not expected to be recoverable. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold increased to 1,218.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from 927.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 290.7 million, or 31 . Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2023, includes a charge of 123.3 million related to the elimination of finished goods inventory subject to repurchase that is no longer recoverable following the expiration of the Standstill Agreement with the counterparty to the Q4 2022 Transactions. Excluding the 123.3 million charge, cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have been 1,094.8 million, an increase of 167.3 million , or 18.0 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily a result of a 14 increase in product sales volumes, as well as increased fiber procurement, plant operating and shipping and handling costs during the first and second quarters of 2023. 
 Cost of goods sold during the year ended December 31, 2023, also includes 48.1 million of handling costs incurred at discharge ports for our wood pellet shipments. Although these handling costs are recoverable from our customers, our accounting policy is to account for the recovery of these handling costs as a fulfillment activity, which requires such reimbursements to be recognized as product sales revenue and the costs to be recognized in cost of goods sold. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of goods sold excludes 95.3 million inclusive of depreciation and amortization of approximately 9.3 million, which was reflected as inventory in connection with the Q4 2022 Transactions (see above, Accounting for Wood Pellets Sale Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Q4 2022 Transactions ). During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Omicron variant of COVID-19 significantly impacted our operations and resulted in 13.9 million of incremental costs and the war in Ukraine impacted our operations and resulted in 5.1 million of incremental costs. Furthermore, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred incremental cost of goods sold from the ramp of the Lucedale plant and the commencement of operations of the Pascagoula terminal. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton Year Ended December 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except per metric ton) Reconciliation of gross margin to adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton: Gross margin (1) 
 (189,362) 53,906 (243,268) Impairment of assets and loss on disposal of assets 12,815 10,478 2,337 Non-cash, equity-based compensation and other expense 5,127 2,944 2,183 Depreciation and amortization 136,624 105,179 31,445 Changes in unrealized derivative instruments (1,746) (59) (1,687) Support Payments 2,050 23,985 (21,935) Acquisition and integration costs and other 1,664 (1,664) Effects of COVID-19 13,942 (13,942) Effects of the war in Ukraine 5,051 (5,051) Adjusted gross margin (34,492) 217,090 (251,582) Metric tons sold 5,327 4,654 673 Gross margin per metric ton (35.55) 11.58 (47.13) Adjusted gross margin per metric ton (6.47) 46.65 (53.12) (1) Gross margin is defined as net revenue less cost of goods sold (including related depreciation and amortization and loss on disposal of assets). 
 We earned negative adjusted gross margin of 34.5 million, or negative 6.47 per MT, for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to positive adjusted gross margin of 217.1 million, or positive 46.65 per MT, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 251.6 million decrease in adjusted gross margin was primarily attributable to the following: 
 A 177.8 million decrease due to the expiration of the Standstill Agreement resulting in a 111.6 million charge, exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of 11.7 million, to eliminate finished goods inventory subject to repurchases that are no longer recoverable and a 65.2 million charge to increase the liability due to the counterparty of the Q4 2022 Transactions to the 350.0 million termination fees and to eliminate the customer asset to the same counterparty following the termination of the associated agreements. 
 A 1.5 decrease in average sales price per MT, decreased adjusted gross margin by 86.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 A 21.9 million decrease in Support Payments during 2023 resulting from our suspension of paying dividends. 
 A 20.6 million decrease due to payments received from a wood pellet supplier for the cancellation of contracted volumes during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The decrease in adjusted gross margin during the year ended December 31, 2023, was partially offset by the following: 
 A 42.5 million increase in adjusted gross margin due to a decrease in plant and port operating costs as well as fiber procurement costs. The decrease in plant and port operating costs was primarily attributable to improved operational reliability, driving greater absorption of fixed costs while reducing spend on repairs and maintenance and contract labor. Lower energy costs, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel, also contributed to the decrease in operating costs. 
 A 25.2 million increase in adjusted gross margin due to a 14 increase in sales volumes. The increase in sales volumes is attributable primarily to wood pellets produced from our manufacturing plants. 
 Goodwill impairment 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company performed an interim goodwill impairment test, which indicated that the carrying value of its sole reporting unit was above its fair value. Consistent with the Company s historical approach for impairment tests, the Company estimated the fair value of its sole reporting unit using the market approach by evaluating the market capitalization of its common stock and an estimated control premium. The Company determined that the carrying value 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 of the Company s sole reporting unit exceeded its fair value and recorded a material non-cash pretax impairment charge related to goodwill of 103.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Impairment of assets 
 Impairment of assets includes 44.5 million, related to new plant development costs that were deemed no longer recoverable as of December 31, 2023. We intend to revisit our development of future plants when sufficient contracted customer demand materializes to support the investment. This includes an impairment related to construction in progress at our plant near Bond, Mississippi Bond plant ). We ceased development of the Bond plant, which was in the early stages of development, as of December 31, 2023. Therefore, we performed a recoverability analysis using undiscounted cash flows of the Bond plant and compared this to its carrying amount. Under this analysis the undiscounted cash flows of the Bond plant were less than the carrying amount. Accordingly, we recognized a pre-tax impairment of assets expense of 41.5 million, which is the amount the carrying value of the Bond plant exceeded its estimated fair value, which was determined as the estimated proceeds from the sale of the underlying land. 
 In connection with a broader effort to eliminate operational inefficiencies, during the third quarter of 2023, we determined that the Southampton, Virginia plant (the Southampton plant operated most cost effectively with a single dryer line. Therefore, we permanently shut down the second, underperforming dryer line, and as a result, we recognized an impairment expense of 21.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Loss on disposal of assets 
 During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, loss on disposal of assets was 15.1 million and 8.6 million, respectively. 
 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses 
 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses were 117.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, and 119.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses include corporate and other overhead expenses, costs to develop new markets, and costs of developing new plants or ports (for those that have not yet met the capitalization threshold or costs that are not eligible for capitalization). Once a significant component of the plant or port is placed in service, the associated expense component is classified as cost of goods sold. 
 The 2.5 million decrease in total selling, general, administrative, and development expenses is primarily associated with a 21.7 million decrease in acquisition and integration costs and other primarily associated with the Simplification Transaction and Conversion and the construction of the Lucedale plant and Pascagoula terminal, and a 6.7 million decrease in non-cash, equity-based compensation expense. The decrease is partially offset by a 24.3 million increase in expenses related to legal and financial advisors associated with our strategic review of liquidity and operations incurred in the second half of 2023. 
 Restructuring inclusive of related severance expenses 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, total restructuring and related expenses, separate and apart from our restructuring efforts in connection with the RSA and Bond MS RSA, were 19.8 million and consisted of 6.6 million of cash-based employee severance expenses, 11.8 million of non-cash equity-based compensation, 1.2 million of accelerated leasehold improvement depreciation, and 0.2 million impairment of right-of-use assets related to an office lease. These amounts do not include expenses incurred in connection with our strategic review of liquidity and operations. 
 Executive separation 
 In November 2022, John Keppler, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), stepped down from his responsibilities for medical reasons. Mr. Keppler s separation agreement included: (i) the bonus he would have been entitled to for the year ended December 31, 2022, pro-rated based on 2022 service through November 14, 2022, and paid with respect to targeted individual performance of Mr. Keppler and actual performance of the Company at the same time bonuses are paid to executives generally during the first quarter of 2023, (ii) a severance payment of 3.8 million, paid in 36 equal installments, (iii) accelerated vesting of unvested time-based restricted stock units under the Enviva Inc. Long-Term-Incentive Plan LTIP ), occurring during the first quarter of 2023, and (iv) vesting of unvested performance-based restricted stock units under the LTIPs, occurring during the first quarter of 2023. Mr. Keppler rejoined the Board in March 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased to 145.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from 113.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 32.3 million or 29 , primarily due to the Lucedale plant, Pascagoula terminal, and expansion assets placed in service during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended December 31, 2023, includes 11.7 million to eliminate depreciation and amortization costs included in finished goods inventory subject to repurchase that are no longer recoverable following the expiration of the Standstill Agreement with the counterparty to the Q4 2022 Transactions. Depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended December 31, 2023, excludes 1.2 million of accelerated leasehold improvement depreciation recorded in restructuring inclusive of related severance expenses. 
 Total interest expense 
 We incurred 182.0 million of interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2023, and 71.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in interest expense of 110.4 million from the prior year was attributable to the 69.7 million increase of non-cash interest recognized prior to the expiration of the Standstill Agreement with the counterparty to the Q4 2022 Transactions. The timing of the interest expense was based on the estimated timing of when the future purchases under the existing purchase agreements were expected to occur. 
 Interest expense also increased by 40.7 million related to higher outstanding borrowings and higher floating interest rate under our Senior Secured Credit Facility during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Income tax 
 The 42.0 thousand of income tax benefit during the year ended December 31, 2023, and the income tax expense of 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, were primarily due to changes in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands) Reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA: Net loss (685,810) (168,368) (517,442) Add: Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 146,694 113,177 33,517 Interest expense 181,987 71,585 110,402 Income tax expense (benefit) (42) 2,494 (2,536) Non-cash, equity-based compensation and other expense (2) 
 45,558 38,260 7,298 Impairment of assets and loss on disposal of assets (3) 
 185,697 11,347 174,350 Changes in unrealized derivative instruments (1,746) (59) (1,687) Cash-based restructuring inclusive of related severance expense 6,553 6,553 Support Payments 2,050 23,985 (21,935) Acquisition and integration costs and other 21,745 (21,745) Effects of COVID-19 15,189 (15,189) Effects of the war in Ukraine 5,051 (5,051) Executive separation 20,813 (20,813) Adjusted EBITDA (119,059) 155,219 (274,278) 
 (1) 2023 includes 1.2 million of accelerated leasehold improvement depreciation in connection with the restructuring expenses. 
 (2) 2023 includes 11.8 million of non-cash equity-based compensation in connection with the restructuring expenses. 
 (3) 2023 includes 103.9 million of goodwill impairment, 44.5 million of pre-tax impairment of assets expense related to previously capitalized costs for wood pellet production plants in development that were no longer probable of being completed, 21.7 million of impairment related to the permanent shut down of an underperforming dryer line at the Southampton plant and 0.2 million of impairment of right-of-use assets related to an office lease in connection with the restructuring expenses. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We generated negative adjusted EBITDA of 119.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to positive adjusted EBITDA of 155.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 274.3 million decrease was primarily attributable to the 251.6 million decrease in adjusted gross margin described under the heading Adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton and the 24.3 million of expense related to legal and financial advisors in connection with our strategic review described under the heading Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Since the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases on March 12, 2024, our primary sources of liquidity include cash balances, cash generated from operations, and availability under the DIP Credit Facility described above in Recent Developments DIP Facility and in Note 13 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations . Our primary liquidity needs are to fund working capital, to service our debt, to invest in capital expenditures for the maintenance, expansion, and optimization of our existing plant and terminal assets, and to complete the construction of a wood pellet production plant in Epes, Alabama Epes or the Epes plant ). 
 Excluding cash restricted for certain construction projects, our liquidity as of December 31, 2023, was 177.1 million. As of July 31, 2024 our liquidity was 358.7 million, which includes 208.7 million of cash and 150.0 million available under the DIP Facility. 
 Proceeds of the DIP Facility may be used only in connection with an approved budget (adjusted for agreed variances). The DIP Facility will be made available in up to five draws. The first draw of 150.0 million occurred on March 15, 2024, and an additional 100.0 million was drawn on June 3, 2024 and July 22, 2024. Each draw is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions under the DIP Credit Agreement, including compliance with the milestones set forth in the RSA. 
 Borrowings under the DIP Facility bear interest at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, (i) the alternate base rate plus 7 per annum or (ii) the adjusted SOFR rate plus 8 per annum. The Debtors are required to pay certain other agreed fees to the DIP Creditors and the agents under the DIP Credit Agreement. 
 The DIP Credit Agreement contains usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for transactions of this type. In addition, the Debtors are required to maintain a minimum liquidity of 30.0 million. 
 There can be no assurance that funding sources will continue to be available, as our ability to generate cash flows from operations and our ability to continue to access the DIP Facility may be impacted by a variety of business, economic, legislative, financial, and other factors, which may be outside of our control. 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and contemplate the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities are subject to uncertainty. While operating as debtors in possession under Chapter 11, we may sell or otherwise dispose of or liquidate assets or settle liabilities, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court or as otherwise permitted by the Bankruptcy Code, for amounts other than those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Further, the Plan could materially change the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities reported in the consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern or as a consequence of the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 As a result of our financial condition, the defaults under our debt agreements, and the risks and uncertainties surrounding the Chapter 11 Cases, substantial doubt exists regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. We believe that, if we receive the approval of the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court and are able to successfully implement the Plan, among other factors, substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern could be alleviated. 
 Cash Dividends 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2023, we declared dividends of 0.905 per common share totaling 60.9 million. The Board evaluated the Company s business strategy and opportunities and determined on May 2, 2023 to suspend dividend payments indefinitely. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Requirements 
 We operate in a capital-intensive industry, which requires significant investments to develop and construct new production and terminal facilities and maintain and upgrade our existing facilities. Our capital requirements primarily have consisted, and we anticipate will continue to primarily consist, of the following: 
 Maintenance capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures incurred to maintain our long-term operating income or operating capacity. These expenditures typically include certain system integrity, compliance, and safety improvements; and 
 Growth capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures we expect will increase our operating income or operating capacity over the long term. Growth capital expenditures include acquisitions or construction of new capital assets, including new plants and ports, or capital improvements such as expansions to or improvements on our existing capital assets, as well as projects intended to extend the useful life of assets. 
 The classification of capital expenditures as either maintenance or growth is made at the individual asset level during our budgeting process and as we approve, execute, and monitor our capital spending. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we invested 301.3 million in capital expenditures. Included in our capital expenditures during 2023 is spend associated with the development and construction of the Epes plant as well as capital improvements and maintenance capital spend across our portfolio of plant and port assets. In connection with our in-court restructuring process, we ceased development of the Bond plant. We intend to revisit our potential development of future plants, including the Bond plant, when sufficient contracted customer demand materializes to support the investment. We are being vigilant with cash management while we navigate through our leverage and liquidity headwinds. We remain focused on completing the construction of the Epes plant, as well as maintaining the asset health of our current fleet of plants for optimal production. We intend to maintain momentum in a disciplined way; however, we will continue to re-evaluate all material capital expenditures as our situation evolves. 
 Debt 
 As of December 31, 2023, our total debt was 1.8 billion and primarily consisted of the debt facilities described in Note 13, in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations (the Debt Instruments ). Our filing of the Chapter 11 Cases constituted an event of default and acceleration under each of the Debt Instruments, which provide that as a result of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases, the principal and interest due thereunder shall be immediately due and payable and as of December 31, 2023, substantially all debt has been reclassified to current. However, any efforts to enforce such payment obligations under the Debt Instruments were automatically stayed as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, and the creditors rights of enforcement in respect of the Debt Instruments are subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 As of July 31, 2024, our primary debt facility is the 500.0 million DIP Facility, of which 150.0 million was undrawn. 
 Except where otherwise authorized by the Final DIP Order, collection or enforcement in respect of the Debt Instruments was stayed upon filing of the Chapter 11 Cases on March 12, 2024, and treatment of the claims arising therefrom will be addressed as part of the Plan. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities 
 (65,796) (88,767) Net cash used in investing activities (301,300) (222,847) Net cash provided by financing activities 420,245 544,173 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 53,149 232,559 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 65.8 million and 88.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, a 23.0 million favorable change. Excluding a 189.5 million loss recorded following the expiration of the Standstill Agreement (see above, Accounting for Wood Pellets Sale Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Q4 2022 Transactions ), there was a 33.2 million favorable change in working capital during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. The favorable change in working capital was primarily due to an increase in deferred revenue partially offset by higher inventory on hand as of December 31, 2023, compared to December 31, 2022. Offsetting the favorable change in working capital, excluding the 189.5 million loss recorded following the expiration of the Standstill Agreement, was an unfavorable change of 10.3 million in net loss excluding non-cash items during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 301.3 million and 222.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The 78.5 million increase in cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the construction of the Epes plant. 
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 420.2 million and 544.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The 123.9 million decrease in net cash provided by financing activities in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily attributable to a decrease of 105.1 million in proceeds from debt issuance net of repayment of debt, a 84.8 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of equity, a decrease in proceeds from the sale of wood pellets sold in connection with the Q4 2022 Transactions (see above, Accounting for Wood Pellets Sale Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Q4 2022 Transactions of 74.1 million, a decrease of Support Payments of 14.0 million. Offsetting the above was a favorable change in cash provided by financing activities due to a decrease in cash dividends or distributions equivalent rights of 154.0 million. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any off balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S K, such as the use of unconsolidated subsidiaries, structured finance, special purpose entities or a variable interest in unconsolidated entities. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. Historically, our risks have been predominantly related to potential changes in the fair value of our long-term debt due to fluctuations in applicable market interest rates. Our market risk exposure is expected to be limited to risks that arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative, non operating transactions, nor do we use financial instruments or derivative instruments for trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2023, our total debt had a carrying and fair value of 1.8 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. Borrowings under the senior secured credit facility bear interest, at our option, at either a base rate plus an applicable margin or at a Term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin. 
 We may enter into derivative instruments to manage cash flow. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. We may seek to mitigate a portion of our interest rate risk through interest rate swaps. As of December 31, 2023, we had no interest rate swaps outstanding. Previously, we entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps that expired in September 2021 and October 2021 to hedge interest rate risk associated with variable rate borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. The interest rate swaps are not designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges. The counterparty to our interest rate swap agreements are major financial institutions. 
 There can be no assurance that our interest rate risk-management practices, if any, will eliminate or substantially reduce risks associated with fluctuating interest rates. For more information, please read Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as any hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Credit Risk 
 Substantially all of our revenue was from long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with four, seven and five customers for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, most of our customers were major power generators in Europe. This concentration of counterparties operating in a single industry and geographic area results in an exposure to credit risk, in that the counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, political, regulatory or other conditions. If a customer defaults or if any of our contracts expire in accordance with their terms, and we are unable to renew or replace these contracts, our gross margin and cash flows, as well as our ability to make cash dividends to our stockholders, may be adversely affected. Although we had entered into hedging arrangements in order to minimize our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates, our derivatives also exposed us to credit risk to the extent that counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of our hedging agreements. For more information, please read Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as any hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and We expect to derive the majority of our revenues from four customers in 2024, three of which are located in Europe. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base, our results of operations, business and financial position could be materially adversely affected. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We primarily are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates related to contracts pursuant to which deliveries of wood pellets will be settled in foreign currency. From time to time, we may enter into forward contracts and purchase options to hedge a portion of our forecasted revenue for these customer contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had no forward contracts or purchased options outstanding and no notional amounts under foreign currency forward contracts. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, no unrealized amounts associated with foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency purchased options were included in other comprehensive income. 
 We do not utilize foreign exchange contracts for speculative or trading purposes. The counterparties to such foreign exchange contracts are major financial institutions. There can be no assurance that such hedging arrangements or other foreign exchange rate risk-management practices, if any, will eliminate or substantially reduce risks associated with our exposure to fluctuating foreign exchange rates. For more information, please read Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as any hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 54 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in (Deficit) Equity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Enviva Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in (deficit) equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated October 3, 2024 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 The Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Court and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for Wood Pellet Off-Take Contracts 
 Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company primarily earns revenue through long-term take-or-pay off-take contracts which include a defined volume of wood pellets that the customer is required to purchase on an annual basis as well as through shorter-term off-take contracts, which may only include one shipment. Additionally, the Company enters into contracts or contract amendments whereby the Company may, among others, (1) purchase wood pellets from third-party suppliers and resell them in back-to-back transactions, (2) purchase wood pellets from customers with whom the Company also has long-term take-or-pay off-take contracts or (3) modify the timing of delivery, specifications and/or price of pellets to be delivered under its off-take contracts. Upon entering into a contract or amendment, the Company performs an analysis to determine whether the contract (1) represents a contract modification of an existing customer contract that may change the timing and pattern of revenue recognition under a previous off-take contract (2) includes a repurchase obligation that would result in the recognition of a repurchase liability , or (3) represents an exchange of product in the ordinary course of business to facilitate a sale to a customer that is recognized at the carrying value of the pellets transferred. 
 
 Auditing the Company s determination of the appropriate accounting for these contracts and amendments involved complex auditor judgement to assess the business purpose of the contracts or amendments in order to evaluate the appropriate applicable accounting. For example, auditing management s determination of whether contracts were negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective or were entered into to facilitate the sale of wood pellets to customers other than parties to the exchange, required judgement. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s off-take contract accounting analysis, including controls over the evaluation of new and amended off-take contracts. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s assessment of the accounting for its off-take contracts, inspecting contracts entered into or amended during the period, and evaluating the Company s interpretation of certain contact provisions. For example, we reviewed the Company s contract analysis and relevant accounting conclusions for a sample of new and amended contracts entered into during the period. We also inquired of non-accounting personnel at the Company responsible for negotiating the contracts in order to understand the nature of the explicit and implicit promised goods and services and the business purpose of the contracts and/or amendments. Furthermore, we validated the completeness and existence of agreements with a sample of customers through obtaining confirmations directly from the Company s customers. 
 Recoverability Assessment for Customer Assets 
 Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements the Company has recognized customer assets of 100.3 million related to payments made, or payable, to certain customers to modify the terms of long-term take-or-pay off-take contracts to cancel, reschedule and/or re-price volumes. The Company amortizes these customer assets as a reduction to transaction price as control of the related pellets under the contract are transferred to the customer. The Company tests these assets for recoverability by comparing the amount of consideration expected to be received in the future from the modified take-or-pay off-take contracts to the estimated future costs that relate directly to providing the remaining volume of pellets under the contracts. 
 
 Auditing the Company s assessment of the recoverability of the customer assets involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment due to the estimation uncertainty in determining the expected future cost of producing and delivering the remaining pellets under the respective long-term take-or-pay contracts. Significant assumptions used in the Company s recoverability test included estimates of supply sources, wood pellet production costs, manufacturing throughput volumes and overhead costs. Auditing these assets was especially challenging due to the material weakness identified by the Company over the evaluation of the recoverability of customer assets. This material weakness required an increased extent of audit effort to test the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the recoverability assessment. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the customer asset recoverability assessment, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies and testing the significant assumptions, including the estimates of supply sources, wood pellet production costs, manufacturing throughput volumes, and overhead costs, used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current and historical wood pellet production costs, manufacturing throughput volumes, sources of supply, and overhead costs. We also performed sensitivity analyses to determine if changes in the significant assumptions would impact management s conclusions on the recoverability of the customer assets. Because of the material weakness, we performed incremental audit procedures, for instance, by performing additional sensitivity analyses and increasing the number of assets subject to audit procedures. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 October 3, 2024 

56 

Table of Content s 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands, except par value and number of shares) 

 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Other accounts receivable Inventories, net Short-term customer assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Long-term restricted cash Long-term customer assets Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Customer liabilities Current portion of interest payable Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Deferred revenue Financial liability pursuant to repurchase accounting Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Long-term deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Enviva Inc. s (deficit) equity 
 ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total shareholders (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except per share or per unit amounts) 

 2023 2022 2021 Net revenue Operating costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding items below Goodwill impairment Impairment of assets Loss on disposal of assets Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Restructuring inclusive of related severance expenses Executive separation Depreciation and amortization Total operating costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Interest expense on repurchase accounting ) ) Total interest expense ) ) ) Early retirement of debt obligation ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Less net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) Net loss per Enviva Inc. common share or unit: (1) 
 Basic and diluted Weighted-average number of common shares or units outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax of : 
 Currency translation adjustment ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands) 

 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Equity (Deficit) Attributable to Enviva Inc. 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Shares Amount Shareholders' equity, December 31, 2021 ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Issuance of common shares, net Common shares issued in lieu of dividends Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Support Payments Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Shareholders' equity, December 31, 2022 ) ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Dividend equivalent rights on performance-based restricted stock units forfeited and not expected to be paid Common shares issued in lieu of dividends Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock and subsequent conversion to common shares Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Support Payments Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders' equity, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Continued) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 Series A Series B (1) 
 Common Units 
 Common Shares 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Equity Attributable to Enviva Inc. Noncontrolling Interests 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Shares Amount Equity, December 31, 2020 ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Issuance of Enviva Partners, LP common units prior to the Simplification Transaction, net Cash distributions prior to the Simplification Transaction ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs prior to the Simplification Transaction Contribution of assets Other comprehensive income prior to the Simplification Transaction Net loss prior to the Simplification Transaction ) ) ) ) Simplification Transaction ) ) ) ) Distributions after the Simplification Transaction ) ) ) Common units issued in lieu of distributions Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs after the Simplification Transaction Support Payments Other comprehensive income after the Simplification Transaction Net loss after the Simplification Transaction ) ) ) C-Corporation Conversion ) ) Equity, December 31, 2021 ) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment Impairment of assets Interest expense pursuant to repurchase accounting Amortization of debt issuance costs, debt premium, and original issue discounts Early retirement of debt obligation Loss on disposal of assets Deferred taxes ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense Fair value changes in derivatives Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign currency transactions, net ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets ) ) Inventories ) ) Finished goods subject to repurchase accounting ) Derivatives ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities ) Customer liabilities Related-party payables ) Deferred revenue ) Accrued interest ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Payment for acquisition of a business ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal proceeds from Senior Secured Credit Facility Principal payments on Senior Secured Credit Facility ) ) ) Principal payments on Green Term Loan ) Proceeds from debt issuance Support Payments received Proceeds from sale of finished goods subject to repurchase accounting Payments for the purchase of finished goods subject to repurchase accounting ) Proceeds from capital contribution of New Market Tax Credit financing Principal payments on other long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Cash paid related to debt issuance costs and deferred offering costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Enviva Inc. common shares, net Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, net, which was converted into common stock Payments for acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) Principal payments on related-party note payable ) Cash dividends or distributions and equivalent rights ) ) ) Payments for withholding tax associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 2023 2022 2021 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Property, plant, and equipment acquired included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Supplemental information: Interest paid, net of capitalized interest 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (1) 
 industrial-scale wood pellet production plants located in the Southeastern United States. In addition to the volumes from our plants, we also procure wood pellets from third parties. Wood pellets are exported from our wholly owned deep-water marine terminal at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia, terminal assets at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina, and at the Port of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and from third-party deep-water marine terminals in Mobile, Alabama, Panama City, Florida, and Savannah, Georgia under a short-term contract, a long-term contract, and a lease and associated terminal services agreement, respectively. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 operating segment. 
 Reclassification 
 Corporate Conversion 
 As a result of the Conversion, periods prior to December 31, 2021 reflect Enviva as a limited partnership, not a corporation. References to common units for periods prior to the Conversion refer to common units of Enviva Partners, LP, and references to common stock for periods following the Conversion refer to shares of common stock of Enviva Inc. The primary financial impacts of the Conversion to the consolidated financial statements were (i) reclassification of partnership capital accounts to equity accounts reflective of a corporation and (ii) income tax effects. 
 On the date of the Conversion, each common unit representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion was exchanged for share of common stock of the Company, par value per share. 
 Simplification Transaction 
 On October 14, 2021, the Partnership acquired our former sponsor and the former GP, and the incentive distribution rights held by our former sponsor were cancelled and eliminated (collectively, the Simplification Transaction in exchange for 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million common units, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor. The owners of our former sponsor agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from million of the million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction during the period beginning with dividends paid for the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Bankruptcy Filing 
 As discussed further in Note 2, Subsequent Event Bankruptcy Filing, on March 12, 2024 (the Petition Date ), the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia Bankruptcy Court ). On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court granted motions filed by the Company seeking joint administration of the Chapter 11 Cases under the caption In re: Enviva Inc., et al ., Case No. 24-10453 (the Chapter 11 Cases ). The Company is continuing to operate in the ordinary course throughout Chapter 11 Cases as debtors-in-possession. See Note 13, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations Subsequent Event - DIP Facility for a discussion of debtor-in-possession financing. 
 Going Concern 
 Under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Going Concern , the Company is required each reporting period, to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt regarding its ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP applicable to a going concern. This presentation contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and does not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described below. 
 In its going concern evaluation, management considered the conditions and events that could raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and considered the Company s current financial condition and liquidity sources, including current funds available, forecasted future cash flows, and the Company s conditional and unconditional obligations before such date. 
 The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the debtor-in-possession financing (the DIP Financing discussed in Note 13, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations Subsequent Event - DIP Facility, the development of, and the Bankruptcy Court s approval of, a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (as described below) and its ability to successfully implement a restructuring plan and obtain new financing, among other factors. The Company has significant indebtedness - substantially all of which is in default as further described below. The Company s level of indebtedness has adversely impacted and continues to adversely impact its financial condition. The Company s financial condition including its level of indebtedness, loss from operations, cash outflows from operations and excess of current liabilities over current assets, the defaults under its debt agreements and the risk and uncertainties surrounding its Chapter 11 Cases, raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 As a result of the Chapter 11 Cases, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities are subject to uncertainty. The filing of the Chapter 11 Petitions constituted an event of default with respect to certain of our existing debt obligations. While operating as debtors-in-possession under Chapter 11, the Company may sell or otherwise dispose of or liquidate assets or settle liabilities, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court or as otherwise permitted in the ordinary course of business (and subject to restrictions contained in the DIP Financing and applicable orders of the Bankruptcy Court and the RSA), for amounts other than those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Further, any Chapter 11 plan, to the extent confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court, could materially impact the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company plans to emerge from its Chapter 11 Cases after it obtains approval from the Bankruptcy Court for the Plan or a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization which is outside of management s control. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern or as a consequence of the Bankruptcy Filing. Refer to Note 2, Subsequent Event Bankruptcy Filing for additional information. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (2) 
 million. On May 3, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered a final order approving the full amount of the DIP Financing and the Syndication (the Final DIP Order ). As authorized by the Final DIP Order, participants in the Syndication became Lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement as of May 6, 2024. An appeal from the Final DIP Order seeking to strike the Syndication was filed by the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors and remains pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. 
 See Note 13, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations DIP Facility for additional discussion of the DIP Facility. The proceeds of the loans and notes under the DIP Credit Agreement are designated to pay the Debtors operating expenses, help fund the completion of the wood pellet production plant to be located near Epes, Alabama Epes plant ), and pay other fees, expenses, and other expenditures of the Debtors set forth in rolling budgets prepared in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, which are subject to approval by the DIP Creditors. The Lenders and the Company together have entered into several technical amendments to the DIP Credit Agreement, either to clarify defined terms or extend deadlines related to reporting by the Company. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million plus (ii) the principal amount of any DIP Tranche A Loans under the DIP Facility to the extent the Holders of such Loans do not elect to participate in the DIP Tranche A Equity Participation, which Rights Offering is expected to be fully backstopped; 
 Entry into a billion first lien senior secured exit facility, which certain commitment parties are expected to backstop; provided that the Company may seek proposals for alternative debt financing for all or part of the Company s debt capital structure in consultation with an ad hoc group of the Company s previous creditors; 
 The DIP Tranche A Equity Participation, subject to certain conditions in the DIP Credit Agreement; 
 Repayment of the DIP Tranche A Loans (to the extent the Holders of which do not elect to participate in the DIP Tranche A Equity Participation) and the DIP Tranche B Loans under the DIP Facility in cash; 
 Repayment of our senior secured credit facility in cash; 
 Distribution of Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests and rights to participate in the Equity Rights Offering to holders of certain unsecured claims; 
 Distribution of cash in an aggregate amount equal to either million or million, depending on whether certain conditions are met, to holders of certain unsecured claims; 
 Subject to certain conditions outside of the Company s control, including classes of certain unsecured claims voting to accept the Proposed Plan, distribution to each holder of an Existing Equity Interest of its pro rata share of either (i) cash in an amount equal to million or (ii) the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants, and with respect to (ii), solely to the extent a holder of an Existing Equity Interest affirmatively elects to receive such treatment in lieu of cash on a timely and properly submitted ballot and the value of the Reorganized Enviva Inc. Interests Existing Equity Interests Equity Pool and the New Warrants is greater than following dilution by the transactions contemplated by the Proposed Plan; and 
 An overbid process, consistent with the terms of the Final DIP Order and certain overbid procedures, to solicit bids for a value-maximizing alternative transaction. 
 In addition, the Company filed motions (i) for entry of an order approving the adequacy of the Proposed Disclosure Statement, approving the solicitation of votes in favor of the Plan, and establishing procedures from the proposed Equity Rights Offering, described in the Proposed Plan and the Proposed Disclosure Statement and (ii) for entry of an order authorizing the Company entry into a backstop agreement related to the proposed equity rights offering (the Disclosure Statement Motions ). 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 billion upon emergence from Chapter 11 Cases. The Debtors obligations under the Commitment Letter, including the payment of certain premiums set forth therein, remain subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
 (3) 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per Enviva Inc. common share 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) ) ) Other accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Total current assets ) ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) Other long-term assets Total assets ) ) ) Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accrued and other current liabilities ) Customer liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Financial liability pursuant to repurchase accounting ) Total current liabilities ) ) Long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) Long-term operating lease liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) Shareholders Equity: Additional paid-in capital ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Enviva Inc. s shareholders equity ) Total shareholders equity ) Total liabilities and shareholders equity ) ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) ) ) Operating costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding items below ) ) Impairment of assets Loss on disposal of assets ) ) ) Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Total operating costs and expenses ) ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense on repurchase accounting ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income, net ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Loss per common share: Basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) ) Operating costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding items below Impairment of assets Loss on disposal of assets ) ) Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Total operating costs and expenses ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense on repurchase accounting ) ) ) ) Total interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) ) ) ) Loss per common share: Basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Year to Date Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 As Reported 
 Other Adjustments 
 As Restated As Reported 
 Other Adjustments 
 As Restated Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Common shares issued in lieu of dividends Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Support Payments Other comprehensive loss Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders equity, March 31, 2023 (As Reported) 
 ) ) Other Adjustments 
 Net loss Dividends declared Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs ) ) ) Total Other Adjustments March 31, 2023 
 ) As Restated Shareholders equity, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Common shares issued in lieu of dividends Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Support Payments Other comprehensive loss Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders equity, March 31, 2023 (As Restated) 
 ) ) 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) ) Dividend equivalent rights on performance based restricted stock units forfeited 
 Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to common shares Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting 
 ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders equity, June 30, 2023 (As Reported) 
 ) ) Other Adjustments 
 Shareholders equity, March 31, 2023 
 ) Net loss ) ) ) Dividend equivalent rights on performance based restricted stock units forfeited Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Total Other Adjustments June 30, 2023 
 ) As Restated Shareholders equity, March 31, 2023 (As Restated) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalent rights on performance based restricted stock units forfeited 
 Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to common shares Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting 
 ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders equity, June 30, 2023 (As Restated) 
 ) ) 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) ) Dividend equivalent rights on performance-based restricted stock units forfeited Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to common shares ) ) ) Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Other comprehensive loss Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders equity, September 30, 2023 (As Reported) 
 ) ) Other Adjustments 
 Shareholders equity, June 30, 2023 
 ) Net loss Dividend equivalent rights on performance-based restricted stock units forfeited ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs ) ) ) Total Other Adjustments September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) As Restated Shareholders equity, June 30, 2023 (As Restated) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalent rights on performance-based restricted stock units forfeited ) ) ) Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to common shares ) ) ) Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Other comprehensive loss Net loss ) ) ) Shareholders equity, September 30, 2023 (As Restated) 
 ) ) 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of assets and loss on disposal of assets 
 ) ) ) Deferred taxes ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense ) Unrealized loss on foreign currency transactions, net 
 ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash paid related to debt issuance costs and deferred offering costs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of finished goods subject to repurchase accounting, net 
 Cash dividends or distributions and equivalent rights ) ) ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (4) 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 Accounts Receivable 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had million and an insignificant amount, respectively, in allowance for credit losses. 
 Inventories 
 Revenue Recognition 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 78 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 to years 
 Buildings to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Vehicles to years 
 Furniture and office equipment to years 
 Software to years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term, generally years 
 
 Costs and accumulated depreciation applicable to assets retired or sold are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 A long-lived asset (group), such as property, plant and equipment and amortizable intangible assets, is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (group) may not be recoverable. There were no such indicators that would require impairment testing to be performed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. When there are any such indicators (such as during the year ended December 31, 2023), an impairment charge is recognized for a long-lived asset (group) if its carrying amount exceeds its undiscounted cash flows for an amount equal to the extent to which the carrying amount exceeds its fair value (see Note 8, Property, Plant, and Equipment, net ). 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 years, some of which include options to extend the leases by up to multiple extensions. Our leases are generally noncancelable. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. 
 An incremental borrowing rate is applied to our leases for balance sheet measurement. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for a collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments as of the commencement date. 
 For contracts that contain lease and nonlease components, nonlease components are separated and accounted for under other relevant accounting standards. We made an accounting policy election to not separate nonlease components from lease components for heavy machinery and equipment and buildings. 
 Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, accrued and other current liabilities and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment, the current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations and long-term debt and finance lease obligations on our consolidated balance sheets. Changes in ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are included net in change in operating lease liabilities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Debt Issuance Costs and Original Issue Discounts and Premiums 
 Goodwill 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed an interim impairment test, which indicated that the carrying value of our sole reporting unit was above its fair value. Consistent with our historical approach for impairment tests, we estimated the fair value of our sole reporting unit using the market approach using the market capitalization of our common stock and an estimated 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 During the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, we performed our annual quantitative assessment using the market approach and determined the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. There were impairments to the carrying value of our goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 11, Goodwill. 
 Non-Cash Equity-Based Compensation and Other Expense 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Income taxes 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Government Grants 
 Net Loss per Enviva Inc. Common Share 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards not yet Adopted 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (5) 
 Breakage revenue 
 Termination of all contracts with customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions 
 ) Impairment of customer assets 
 ) Other revenue 
 Net revenue 
 Product sales includes sales of wood pellets. Breakage revenue includes fees associated with customer requests to cancel shipments in satisfaction of the related performance obligation. Termination of all contracts with customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions (see below under Repurchase Accounting represents the reduction in net revenue resulting from the termination of all contracts with that customer that were recognized as of December 31, 2023 and cost reimbursement to the customer. Impairment of customer assets represents a reduction in net revenue by the amount of customer assets that was not expected to be recoverable as the expected costs exceeded the contract cash flows. 
 Performance Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2023, the aggregate amount of consideration from contracts with customers allocated to the performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially satisfied was approximately billion. This amount excludes forward prices related to variable consideration including inflation, foreign currency, and commodity prices. We expect to recognize approximately and of our remaining performance obligations as revenue in the years ending 2024 and 2025, respectively, and the balance thereafter. Our off-take contracts expire at various times through 2045 and our terminal services contract expired in 2023. During 2024, the aggregate amount of consideration from contracts with customers allocated to the performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially satisfied has materially decreased, primarily due to customer contract terminations (including contracts rejected that were approved under the Chapter 11 process) and customer contract modifications. We expect additional customer contract negotiations, modifications and terminations. 
 Variable Consideration 
 Variable consideration from off-take contracts arises from several pricing features in our off-take contracts, pursuant to which such contract pricing may be adjusted in respect of particular shipments to reflect differences between certain contractual quality specifications of the wood pellets as measured both when the wood pellets are loaded onto ships and unloaded at the discharge port as well as certain other contractual adjustments. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized million of product sales revenue, related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized million of product sales revenue, related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 
 Contract Balances 
 Accounts receivable, net of reserve for credit losses, related to product sales as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were million and million, respectively. Of these amounts, million and million, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to amounts that were not yet billable under our contracts with customers pending finalization of prerequisite billing documentation. The amounts that had not been billed are billed upon receipt of prerequisite billing documentation, where substantially all is typically billed one to two weeks after full loading of the vessel, and where the remaining balance is typically billed one to two weeks after discharge of the vessel. Accounts receivable also included million and million, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to breakage and other revenue. 
 Customer Assets 
 As of December 31, 2023, the balance of the customer assets was million, which relate to payments we paid, or are obligated to pay, to customers in exchange for rescheduling and/or re-pricing our take-or-pay agreements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million and million, respectively, to certain customers with whom we have long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, million and million, respectively, of customer assets was amortized as a reduction to product sales revenue. Furthermore, during the year ended December 31, 2023, million of impairments of customer assets were recorded as a reduction to net revenue as the amount was not expected to be recoverable, which includes the million resulting from the termination of all contracts with the customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions (see below under Repurchase Accounting ). The asset test for recoverability involves a comparison of the contract price we expect to receive under the related take-or-pay agreement, reduced by the amortization of the contract asset, compared to our expected costs to produce, procure and deliver the volumes specified in the contract. The expected costs of producing volumes in the future require estimates, including estimates of supply sources, manufacturing throughput volumes and future energy, fiber, shipping, distribution, and overhead costs. Actual results could be different than these estimates, and our estimates could change in the future based upon new facts and circumstances and could result in these assets no longer being recoverable. We had such amortization of customer assets during the year ended December 31, 2021 and we had such impairment of customer assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Our obligation to make future payments under the terms of these agreements that had resulted in customer assets as of December 31, 2023, included million in current customer liabilities and million in other long-term liabilities, and as of December 31, 2022, included million in current customer liabilities and million in other long-term liabilities. 
 Repurchase Accounting 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into agreements with a customer to purchase approximately million MT of wood pellets between 2023 and 2025 (the new purchase agreements ). At that time, we also entered into additional wood pellet sales contracts (together with the new purchase agreements, the Q4 2022 Transactions that together with our existing sales contracts with the customer, totaled approximately million MT, with deliveries to take place between 2022 and 2026. Under the Q4 2022 Transactions, the quantities we agreed to purchase exceeded the quantities we agreed to sell. Although the new purchase agreements were priced at market prices in effect at the time the new purchase agreements were entered into, the million MT of wood pellet purchases were not hedged with contracted sales at similar pricing or volume. 
 Under the revenue accounting standard, these sale and purchase agreements were combined with existing sale agreements because the Q4 2022 agreements were entered into at or near the same time with the same customer and were negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective. We accounted for the combined contract as a modification of the existing enforceable rights and obligations of our long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with the same customer. The contract modification was considered to be the termination of the existing contract and the creation of a new contract. We allocated the total remaining transaction price (which includes any additional transaction price from the modification) to the remaining quantities to be transferred under the modified contract. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had and million, respectively, of deferred revenue for consideration received from the customer in excess of the amounts allocated to the wood pellets transferred to that customer under the modified contract. 
 Under the repurchase agreement requirements in the revenue standard, the wood pellets subject to repurchase were accounted for as a financing arrangement because the purchase prices exceed the original selling prices of the wood pellets under the modified contract. As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the interim periods in 2023, we recognized a financial liability for an amount equal to the selling prices received for the wood pellets under the modified contract. Over the period between when volumes are delivered to this customer and when corresponding volumes are purchased from this customer, the difference between the selling price of the wood pellets under the modified contract and the contractual purchase price was recognized as interest expense with a corresponding increase to the financial liability. The amount of interest expense recognized and the corresponding increase to the financial liability in a given period was determined based on the estimated timing of when the future purchases were expected to occur. Changes in the estimated timing of the volumes to be purchased were recognized to interest expense prospectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the product delivered under the modified contract recognized as an increase to the financial liability was million, and interest expense of million was recognized as an increase to the financial liability. The financial liability including interest expense classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the financial liability was classified as a current liability as the repurchases corresponding to the volumes delivered were currently required by one year from the balance sheet date. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which include all costs directly incurred in bringing those delivered volumes to their existing location. When volumes were purchased and sold to different customers, the product sales recognized were based on the finished goods inventory cost of the previously delivered volumes, not the repurchase price. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we repurchased million of volumes under the Q4 2022 Transactions and we reduced the financial liability by that amount. For the year ended December 31, 2023, million of what we paid to purchase volumes under the Q4 2022 Transactions is presented in payments for the purchase of finished goods subject to repurchase accounting as cash outflows from financing activities equal to the volume purchased multiplied by the average selling price under the modified contract of the corresponding volume of wood pellets that we had sold, which was the price initially recognized to the financial liability. 
 On November 11, 2023, we entered into a standstill agreement (the Standstill Agreement with the counterparty to the Q4 2022 Transactions and later amended it on December 8, 2023. Under this Standstill Agreement, we and the counterparty had agreed to suspend certain rights and obligations that may have arisen under the Q4 2022 Transactions and our existing sales contracts for a specified time period and to establish certain milestones and other obligations to facilitate the parties continuing to negotiate a restructuring of their obligations under those contracts, including the repurchases. Under the Standstill Agreement, we made a settlement payment of million, which was recognized as a reduction to current customer liabilities and where million is presented as a cash outflow from operating activities and where million is presented as a cash outflow from financing activities. Under the Standstill Agreement, we also agreed to reimburse the customer for certain costs that it incurred during the standstill period, which resulted in million being recognized as a reduction to net revenue during t he year ended December 31, 2023 . The amended Standstill Agreement expired on December 31, 2023. Upon expiration, the counterparty became entitled to issue termination notices in respect of outstanding purchase and supply agreements, which were issued in January 2024, and to invoice us for termination fees equal to million in aggregate. The termination of all contracts with the customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions resulted in the following impacts to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2023: the million in previously recognized cost of finished goods subject to repurchase accounting no longer having any net realizable value and being recognized as a charge to cost of goods sold; the million of the previously recognized customer asset no longer being recoverable where its full impairment was recorded as a reduction in net revenue, which is reflected in the above table on net revenue as an impairment of a customer asset; the reclassification of million from current financial liability subject to repurchase accounting to current customer liabilities; the reclassification of a total of million from current and long-term deferred revenue to current customer liabilities; the recognition to current customer liabilities of million of interest expense that would have otherwise been recognized by December 31, 2023 based on the estimated timing of remaining repurchases if the contracts were not terminated; and, the recognition of a million reduction in net revenue to increase the current customer liabilities due to the counterparty of the Q4 2022 Transactions to the million termination fees. We are no longer subject to repurchase accounting. 
 Contract Modification 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we received million from a customer to modify a long-term off-take contract. Also, in connection with the contract modification we agreed to narrow the specifications of the wood pellets delivered under the long-term off-take contract in return for an increase in the contract price per MT. The prepayment of the million will be amortized against the contract sale price per MT and recognized as deliveries are made through 2039. As of December 31, 2023, million was included in short-term deferred revenue and million was included in long-term deferred revenue. 
 
 (6) 
 rail service provider transports wood pellet production for of our production plants to the applicable terminal. Labor strikes or other disruptions to rail service could materially impact our ability to transport our finished products to ports for delivery to customers. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F Customer G 
 As of December 31, 2023, one customer accounted for of total accounts receivable. 
 
 Supplier B Supplier C Supplier D 
 
 (7) 
 Consumable tooling Finished goods on hand Finished goods subject to repurchase accounting Total inventories 
 We recorded reductions from the cost to net realizable value for the year ended December 31, 2023, beyond the million recognized as a result of the termination of all contracts with the customer for the Q4 2022 Transactions (see Note 5, Revenue Repurchase Accounting ). Due to a change in estimate about the likelihood and extent of their use, we recorded a reduction in the cost of raw materials inventories to net realizable value of million for year ended December 31, 2022. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (8) 
 Land improvements Buildings Machinery and equipment Vehicles Furniture and office equipment Software Leasehold improvements Property, plant, and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net Construction in progress Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense Loss on disposal of assets Impairment of assets 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred million of pre-tax impairment of assets expense related to previously capitalized costs for wood pellet production plants in development that were no longer probable of being completed. This includes an impairment related to construction in progress at our plant near Bond, Mississippi Bond plant ). We ceased development of the Bond plant, which was in the early stages of development, as of December 31, 2023. Therefore, we performed a recoverability analysis using undiscounted cash flows of the Bond plant and compared this to its carrying amount. Under this analysis the undiscounted cash flows of the Bond plant were less than the carrying amount. Accordingly, we recognized a pre-tax impairment of assets expense of million, which is the amount of the carrying value of the Bond plant exceeded its estimated fair value, which was determined as the estimated proceeds from the sale of the underlying land. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2023, a dryer line at one of our wood pellet producing plants was permanently shut down due to operational inefficiencies, where we incurred pre-tax impairment of assets expense of million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we invested million of restricted cash to construct our Epes and Bond plants from the proceeds of the Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bond and Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bond; the assets with the exception of the assets that were impaired as noted above are included in construction in progress. See Note 13, Short-Term Borrowings, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations . 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (9) 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Property, plant, and equipment, net Current portion of long-term finance lease obligations Long-term finance lease obligations Total finance lease liabilities 
 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Variable lease cost Cost of goods sold Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Short-term lease cost Cost of goods sold Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Total operating lease costs Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Depreciation and amortization Variable lease cost Cost of goods sold Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease costs, net Total lease costs 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) ) Total present value of lease liabilities 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 (10) 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds New Markets Tax Credit loans Seller Note Other long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 
 (11) 
 Impairment charge ) Goodwill, gross 
 Accumulated impairment charge 
 ) Ending balance, net 
 Goodwill Impairment Charge 
 See Note 4, Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill for further discussion. 
 
 (12) 
 Accrued expenses - wood pellet purchases and distribution costs Accrued expenses - operating costs and expenses Accrued capital expenditures Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total accrued and other current liabilities 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (13) 
 million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Senior secured credit facility - revolving credit borrowings Senior secured credit facility - term loan, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of million and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, net of debt issuance of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 New Markets Tax Credit, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Seller Note, net of unamortized discount of and thousand as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Other loans Finance leases Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations Less current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, excluding current installments 
 On the Petition Date, Debtors filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code in Bankruptcy Court (see Note 2, Subsequent Event Bankruptcy Filing Chapter 11 Filings for further discussion). The bankruptcy declaration constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under all of its non-lease long-term debt, where some debt had additional events of default that also first occurred in 2024. All long-term debt became callable by the respective creditors by the Petition Date and all long-term debt, which does not include finance lease obligations, to be classified as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. The callable debt is required to be classified as current liabilities as these creditors have not waived or subsequently lost their right to demand repayment and the defaults were not cured within any contractual grace period. Any efforts to enforce payment obligations on the Debtors debt agreements were automatically stayed as a result of the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases and the holders rights of enforcement in respect of the Debtors debt agreements are subject to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 As a result of the events of default that first occurred in 2024, we have paid additional interest in 2024 on the senior secured credit facility based on an annual rate of under default interest provisions in those debt agreements. Also, the New Markets Tax Credit debt agreement includes a default interest provision with an annual rate of . These default interest provisions were required to be bifurcated from their debt agreement and accounted for separately at fair value. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the likelihood of default was determined to be low enough to not require recognition of these default interest provisions. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the likelihood of default had become significant and the total fair value of these default interest provisions was measured to be million as of December 31, 2023 using a discounted cash flow approach based on the following inputs: the outstanding principal, the default interest rate, the yield-to-maturity based on the latest traded price for our 2026 Notes, the historical recovery rates for senior unsecured bonds, an expected period of default of months, and a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate. The fair value was recognized as increases to interest expense and to accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 2026 Notes 
 In December 2019, we issued million in principal amount of senior unsecured notes due January 15, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). In July 2020, we issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. 
 Interest payments are due semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. We did not make the semi-annual interest payment of approximately million due on January 16, 2024. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million and million, respectively, in outstanding revolver borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. 
 Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest, at either a Term SOFR rate or at a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will fluctuate between per annum and per annum, in the case of Term SOFR rate borrowings, or between per annum and per annum, in the case of base rate loans, in each case, based on our Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) at such time, with basis point increases or decreases for each increase or decrease in our Total Leverage Ratio from :1:00 to :1:00. 
 We are required to pay a commitment fee on the daily unused amount under the revolving credit commitments at a rate between and per annum. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, commitment fees were million, million and million, respectively. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 In January 2023, the senior secured credit facility was amended to provide for million term loan maturing in June 2027. The term loan has been fully drawn. Borrowings under the term loan facility bear interest, at either a Term SOFR rate or at a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is for Term SOFR rate borrowings, and for base rate borrowings. We are required to make amortization payments on the last day of each March, June, September, and December in an amount equal to each quarter of the original principal amount, together with all interest accrued thereon. 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had million and million, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding under our senior secured credit facility. 
 The senior secured credit facility contains certain covenants, restrictions, and events of default. We are required to maintain (1) a maximum Total Leverage Ratio at or below to 1.00 (or to 1.00 during a Material Transaction Period) and (2) a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) of not less than to 1.00. 
 Our obligations under the senior secured credit facility are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and secured by liens on substantially all of our assets; however, the senior secured credit facility is not guaranteed by the Hamlet JV or Enviva Pellets Epes, LLC, or secured by liens on their assets. 
 New Markets Tax Credit NMTC Loans 
 In June 2022, we closed on a qualified NMTC financing transaction. The NMTC program is intended to induce capital investment in qualifying communities by permitting taxpayers to claim credits against their federal income taxes for up to 39 of qualified investments in the equity of community development entities CDEs ). 
 In this transaction, we borrowed million from a bank Bank A then made a million loan to an investment fund, into which another bank Bank B made a capital contribution of million. The investment fund then contributed million to four CDEs, which, in turn, loaned it to us. The million accrues interest at a weighted average rate of per annum, of which million matures in its entirety in June 2029, while million could be prepaid starting in 2029 and 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million. This transaction includes a put/call provision whereby we may be obligated or entitled to repurchase the interest of Bank B in the investment fund, which we believe they will exercise in June 2029. The value attributed to the put/call is de minimis. We determined that the investment fund and CDEs constitute variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary, and, as a result, we consolidate those entities. The million loan is presented on our consolidated balance sheet within current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations, while the million contribution is presented within other long-term liabilities and is being accreted to interest expense as we expect the put/call will be exercised for a de minimis value, both net of their proportionate share of direct and incremental transaction costs. 
 Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds 
 In July 2022, The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama (the Epes Issuer issued its Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of million. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to us pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement by and among us, the Epes Issuer, and certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors. The loan is our senior unsecured obligation and matures in full on July 15, 2052. The loan is subject to mandatory tender for purchase by us in July 2032 at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, plus accrued interest. Such prepayment may be required prior to maturity. 
 Borrowings under the loan and guaranty agreement bear interest at a rate equal to . Interest is payable in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2023. Our obligations under the loan and guaranty agreement are guaranteed by most of our existing subsidiaries and may be guaranteed by certain future restricted subsidiaries. We received net proceeds of million after deducting underwriters discount, commissions, and expenses. The net proceeds received are generally restricted to funding a portion of the costs of the acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing of the Epes plant. 
 Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds 
 In November 2022, the Mississippi Business Finance Corporation (the Bond Issuer issued its Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, (Enviva Inc.), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds ), in the aggregate principal amount of million. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to us pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement by and among us, the Bond Issuer, and certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors. The loan is our senior unsecured obligation and matures in full on July 15, 2047. The loan is subject to mandatory tender for purchase by us in July 2032 at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, plus accrued interest. Such prepayment may be required prior to maturity. Borrowings under the loan and guarantee agreement bear interest at a rate equal to . Interest is payable in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2023. Our obligations under the loan and guarantee agreement are guaranteed by most of our existing subsidiaries and may be guaranteed by certain future restricted subsidiaries. 
 We received net proceeds of million after deducting underwriters discount, commissions, and expenses. The net proceeds are generally restricted to funding a portion of the costs of acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing our wood pellet production plant to be located near Bond, Mississippi, and certain related costs thereto, and to pay costs and expenses of the offering. 
 Seller Note 
 We were a party to, and a guarantor of, a promissory note (the Seller Note which had a principal balance of million as of December 31, 2022. The Seller Note was repaid in full in February 2023 and had an interest rate of per annum. Principal and related interest payments were due annually through February 2022 and quarterly thereafter. 
 Subsequent Event - DIP Facility 
 On May 3, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered a final order approving the full amount of million refer to Note 2, Subsequent Event Bankruptcy Filing for further details. The Company has drawn a total of million, million on March 15, 2024, million on June 3, 2024, and million on July 22, 2024. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million and million, respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the senior secured credit facility of million was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2023 and million was included in long-term assets as of December 31, 2022. Total amortization recognized during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Debt Maturities 
 Our long-term debt matures through 2052 and our finance lease obligations have maturity dates of between 2024 and 2041. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Unamortized premium and debt issuance costs ) Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations 
 
 (14) 
 of the average value of the Riverstone Funds capital contributions to our former sponsor during each fiscal quarter. The monitoring fee was terminated on the date of the Simplification Transaction. We incurred million of monitoring fee expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was included in selling, general, administrative, and development expenses. 
 On October 14, 2021, our former sponsor distributed million common units of the Partnership to the Riverstone Funds. As part of the million common units issued in exchange for the Simplification Transaction, million were issued to the Riverstone Funds. The Riverstone Funds have agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from million of the million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction for the dividends paid for the period beginning with the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. On the date of the Simplification Transaction, the Riverstone Funds held million common units. Pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan established in connection with the Simplification Transaction, we issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends of million during the three months ended March 31, 2023. shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends were issued during the three months ended June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023, and December 31, 2023. In 2022, we issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends of million to the owners of our former sponsor. 
 In connection with the Simplification Transaction, our existing management fee waivers and other former sponsor support agreements associated with our earlier common control acquisitions were consolidated, fixed, and novated to certain of the former owners of our former sponsor. As a result, under the consolidated support agreement, we were to receive quarterly payments in an aggregate amount of million with respect to periods through the fourth quarter of 2023. There were no second, third or fourth quarter Support Payments due to the suspension of our cash dividends. During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we received million, 23.9 million and million, respectively, in Support Payments. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 per share (the Preferred Shares ), having the terms set forth in the Company s Certificate of Designations for Preferred Shares, in a private placement for gross proceeds of million. The Investors include direct or indirect subsidiaries of Riverstone Holdings LLC Riverstone ), Inclusive Capital Partners, L.P. In-Cap ), among other others. Certain directors and officers of the Company also are Investors, including Ralph Alexander, John C. Bumgarner, Jr., Gary L. Whitlock, Thomas Meth, and John K. Keppler. 
 Following the issuance of the Interim DIP Order, the Company offered certain eligible holders of the Company s Common Stock the opportunity to subscribe to participate in the syndication of up to million aggregate principal amount of DIP Financing (the Syndication ). Participants in the Syndication include affiliates of John C. Bumgarner, Jr. and Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr., each of whom is a current director of the Company. Such affiliates became Lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement on May 6, 2024. 
 
 (15)) ) ) Foreign ) ) Net loss not subject to federal income tax Loss before income tax ) ) ) 
 State Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) Total deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) ) ) Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: Partnership earnings not subject to tax Recognition/derecognition of deferred tax ) ) Valuation allowance Goodwill impairment Equity-based compensation Tax-exempt interest State taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Foreign taxes Other ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 Operating lease liabilities Equity-based compensation Property, plant, and equipment Interest expense limitation Contract liability Financial liability subject to repurchase accounting Deferred revenue Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Contract asset ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Finished goods subject to repurchase accounting ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2023, we have federal net operating loss carryforwards of million, out of which million will expire in years 2034 to 2037, if not utilized. We also have state net operating loss carryforwards of million, out of which million will expire in years 2037 to 2043, if not utilized. 
 For calendar year 2023, the only periods subject to examination for U.S. federal and state income tax returns are 2020 through 2023. We believe our income tax filing positions, including our previous status as a pass-through entity, would be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to our consolidated balance sheet. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 reserves for uncertain tax positions or interest and penalties have been recorded during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Assessing whether deferred tax assets are realizable requires significant judgement. Enviva considers all available positive and negative evidence, including historical operating performance and expectations of future operating performance. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is often dependent upon future taxable income and therefore can be uncertain. To the extent that Enviva believes it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the asset will not be realized, valuation allowances are established against any deferred tax assets, which increases income tax expense in the period when such a determination is made. Enviva assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets and concluded that a valuation allowance of million for the deferred tax assets is deemed appropriate for the portion of the deferred tax assets which were not more likely than not to be realized under relevant accounting standards. 
 The Company conducts its foreign operations through foreign taxable entities and is therefore subject to foreign income taxes. The Company generally has minimal foreign current and deferred income tax expense. 
 
 (16) 
 million and , respectively, of employee severance expenses were included in accrued and other current liabilities. 
 Non-cash, equity-based compensation 
 Accelerated leasehold improvement depreciation Impairment of right-of-use asset Total 
 
 (17) 
 per share Preferred Shares in a private placement (the Private Placement ). The Private Placement priced at the official closing price of the New York Stock Exchange on March 1, 2023, which was . On March 20, 2023, we closed the Private Placement and issued Preferred Shares, which was classified as mezzanine equity, and received gross proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2023, we have incurred million of issuance costs and intended to use the net proceeds of million to fund our growth capital program and for general corporate purposes. We initially used the net proceeds to repay borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility. 
 On June 15, 2023, each Preferred Share was converted into share of common stock of the Company, par value per share, upon shareholder approval of the conversion by a majority of votes cast at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Issuance of Common Shares 
 In January 2022, we issued common shares at a price of per common share for total net proceeds of million, after deducting million of issuance costs. We used the net proceeds of million to fund a portion of our capital expenditures related to ongoing development projects, and to repay borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 share of common stock of the Company, par value per share. 
 Simplification Transaction 
 On October 14, 2021, the Partnership closed on the Simplification Transaction where (a) the Company acquired (i) all of the limited partner interests in our former sponsor and (ii) all of the limited liability company interests in the former GP, and (b) the incentive distribution rights directly held by our former sponsor were cancelled and eliminated. In exchange, the Partnership issued million common units, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor. The owners of our former sponsor agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from million of the million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction during the period beginning with dividends paid for the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. Pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan established in connection with the Simplification Transaction, we issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends of million during the three months ended March 31, 2023. shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends were issued during the three months ended June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023, and December 31, 2023. In 2022, we issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends of million to the owners of our former sponsor. 
 Under a consolidated support agreement, we are entitled to receive quarterly payments (the Support Payments in an aggregate amount of up to million with respect to periods from the fourth quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2024. See Note 14, Related-Party Transactions for more information on the Support Payments. See Noncontrolling Interests The Partnership below about the capital of the Partnership. 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interests of partners capital consist of: (1) third-party equity ownership in the Partnership (2) the Hamlet JV and (3) the Development JV. 
 The Partnership 
 Prior to the Simplification Transaction, Holdings owned common units of the Partnership representing an approximate limited partner interest. Holdings was an indirect owner of the Partnership s general partner, which held the incentive distribution rights IDRs of the Partnership until December 31, 2020 and was an indirect owner of MLP Holdco, LLC, which held the IDRs between January 1, 2021 and the date of the Simplification Transaction. 
 Between January 1, 2021 and the date of the Simplification Transaction, the Partnership issued of its common units at a price of per common unit for total net proceeds of million, after deducting million of issuance costs. 
 The partnership agreement of the Partnership contained provisions for the allocation of its net income and loss to its limited partners and its general partner. For purposes of maintaining partners capital accounts, items of income and loss were allocated among the limited partners in accordance with their respective percentage ownership interests. Normal allocations according to percentage interests were made after giving effect, if any, to priority income allocations in an amount equal to intercompany IDRs allocated 100 to the Partnership s general partner through December 31, 2020 and MLP Holdco between January 1, 2020 and the date of the Simplification Transaction. 
 The Partnership had distributed a quarterly cash distribution to its unitholders pursuant to a cash distribution policy. The partnership agreement had set forth the calculation to be used to determine the amount of cash distributions that our unitholders and our former sponsor would receive. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million and held million Class A Units with a remaining capital commitment amount of million. 
 Class B Units were issued to Enviva in exchange for capital contributions. As of December 31, 2023, Enviva had a total capital commitment of million and held million Class B Units with a remaining commitment amount of million. 
 Pursuant to the limited liability company agreement of the Hamlet JV (the Hamlet JV LLCA ), we are the managing member of the Hamlet JV and have the authority to manage the business and affairs of the Hamlet JV and take actions on its behalf, including adopting annual budgets, entering into agreements, effecting asset sales or biomass purchase agreements, making capital calls, incurring debt, and taking other actions, subject to consent of the third-party member in certain circumstances. The Hamlet JV LLCA also sets forth the capital commitments and limitations thereon from each of the members and provides for the allocation of sale proceeds and distributions among the holders of outstanding Class A Units and Class B Units. The Hamlet JV is not one of the debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases. 
 Distributions to the third-party member and to Enviva are made in our reasonable discretion as managing member and are governed by the waterfall provisions of the Hamlet JV LLCA, which provides that distributions, after repayment of any revolving borrowings existing under the joint venture s revolving credit facility, are to be made as follows: 
 First: To the members in proportion to their relative unreturned capital contributions, then to the members in proportion to their relative unpaid preference amount. 
 Thereafter: to the third-party member and to Enviva. 
 Development JV 
 Our former sponsor held a controlling interest, and a third-party member held a noncontrolling interest, in the Development JV. In February 2021, we purchased all of the third-party member s limited liability company interests in Development JV. We paid a first installment of million in February 2021 and a final installment of million was paid in July 2021. 
 Cash Dividends and Distributions 
 September 30, 2021 November 3, 2021 November 15, 2021 November 26, 2021 December 31, 2021 February 2, 2022 February 14, 2022 February 25, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 4, 2022 May 16, 2022 May 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 3, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 26, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 2, 2022 November 14, 2022 November 25, 2022 December 31, 2022 February 8, 2023 February 21, 2023 February 24, 2023 (1) Prior to December 31, 2021, distributions were paid by the Partnership. 
 
 (18) 
 common shares in accordance with the plan, which became effective on December 31, 2021. If equity awards awarded under the LTIP are forfeited, canceled, exercised, paid in cash, or otherwise terminate or expire without the actual delivery of the underlying common shares, the corresponding number of such common shares will remain available for delivery pursuant to 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 days after the applicable vesting date. If a RSU award recipient experiences a termination of service under certain circumstances set forth in the applicable award agreement, the unvested RSUs and corresponding DERs (in the case of performance-based Employee Awards) are forfeited. Forfeitures are recognized when the actual forfeiture occurs. 
 Restricted Shares 
 Certain employees had received Series B units of our former sponsor that were intended to constitute profits interests as defined by the Internal Revenue Service that, due to the Simplification Transaction, converted into common units of the Partnership. In August 2020, our former sponsor had issued equity-classified awards where it may issue up to Series B units. Our former sponsor had issued initially, or Series B units, and expected to issue an additional on each anniversary over the following . These Series B units were measured at the grant date fair value, which was estimated using a probability weighted discounted cash flow approach to be million where we recognized million as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. Of the million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021, million was due to the accelerated vesting of all otherwise unvested Series B units as a result of the Simplification Transaction. After the Simplification Transaction, an additional million was recognized as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to common shares of Enviva Inc. subject to restriction into which the Series B units were converted whose fair value were then measured at million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million was recognized as expense, of which million was classified as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense and million was classified as executive separation. During the year ended December 31, 2023, million was recognized as expense, of which million was classified as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense and million was classified as restructuring inclusive of related severance expenses. The common shares subject to restriction have had or will have their restrictions released as follows: one-third on each of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024. The unrecognized estimated non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense relating to outstanding common shares subject to restriction as of December 31, 2023 was million, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 Employee Awards 
 Granted Forfeitures ) ) ) Vested ) ) ) Nonvested December 31, 2023 
 (1) Determined by dividing the aggregate grant date fair value of awards by the number of awards issued. 
 Time-based Employee Awards vest on the third or fourth anniversary of the grant date and their fair value is measured based on the market price per share on the applicable date of grant or modification. Performance-based Employee Awards vest in three or , where the number of shares that vest depend the total shareholder return for Enviva Inc., relative to the constituents of the S P 500 index over the units respective performance periods. This vesting condition is accounted for as a market, not a performance, condition under the stock compensation accounting standard. Their grant date fair values were determined using a 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million, million and million, respectively. Compensation cost is based on the grant or modification date fair value. Changes in compensation cost due to passage of time or forfeitures are recorded as adjustments to non-cash equity-based compensation expense and equity. 
 We recognize non-cash equity-based compensation expense for the shares awarded in cost of goods sold and selling, general, administrative, and development expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized million, million and million of cost of goods sold expense, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized million, million and million of selling, general, administrative, and development expenses, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized million in restructuring inclusive of related severance expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million as executive separation. 
 We paid million, million and million to satisfy the withholding tax requirements associated with , and time-based Employee Awards and , and performance-based Employee Awards that vested under the LTIP during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The unrecognized estimated non-cash equity-based compensation expense relating to outstanding Employee Awards at December 31, 2023 was million, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 Director Awards 
 Granted Forfeitures ) Vested ) Nonvested December 31, 2023 
 (1) Determined by dividing the aggregate grant date fair value of awards by the number of awards issued. 
 In January 2023, Director Awards were granted valued at million and which vest on the first anniversary of the grant date in January 2024. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 we recorded million, million and million of non-cash equity-based compensation expense with respect to the Director Awards. The unrecognized estimated non-cash equity-based compensation cost relating to outstanding Director Awards at December 31, 2023 is million and will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 DERs associated with the Employee Awards and the Director Awards subject to time-based vesting entitle the recipients to receive payments in respect thereof in a per-share amount that is equal to any dividends made by us to the holders of common shares within 60 days following the record date for such dividends. The DERs associated with the Employee Awards subject to performance-based vesting will remain outstanding and unpaid from the grant date until the earlier of the settlement or forfeiture of the related performance-based phantom units. 
 DER dividends paid related to time-based Employee Awards were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were DER dividends unpaid related to time-based Employee Awards. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Other long-term liabilities Total unpaid DERs related to performance-based Employee Awards 
 
 (19)) ) Dividend equivalent rights paid on time-based restricted stock units ) ) Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. common stockholders ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 As Holdings is the surviving entity for accounting purposes, the historical financial results prior to the Simplification Transaction are those of Holdings. The number of outstanding units for the portion of 2021 prior to the Simplification Transaction constitutes the million units issued to the owners of the former sponsor. For the portion of 2021 that is after the Simplification Transaction, the number of outstanding units are based on the actual number of common units of the Company during that period. 
 
 (20) 
 years. The agreements specify a minimum cargo throughput requirement at a fixed price per ton or a fixed fee, subject to an adjustment based on the consumer price index or the producer price index, for a defined period of time, ranging from monthly to annually. At December 31, 2023, we had approximately million related to firm commitments under such terminal and stevedoring services agreements. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, terminal and stevedoring services expenses were million, million and million, respectively. 
 We have entered into long-term arrangements to secure transportation from our plants to our export terminals. Under certain of these agreements, which expire between 2025 through 2032, we are committed to various annual minimum volumes under multi-year fixed-cost contracts with third-party logistics providers for trucking and rail transportation, subject to increases in the consumer price index and certain fuel price adjustments. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, ground transportation expenses were million, million and million, respectively. 
 We have entered into long-term supply arrangements, expiring between 2024 through 2026, to secure the supply of wood pellets from third-party vendors. The minimum annual purchase volumes are at a fixed price per MT adjusted for volume, pellet quality and certain shipping-related charges. Under long-term supply arrangements, we purchased approximately million, million and million of wood pellets for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 In order to mitigate volatility in our shipping costs, we have entered into fixed-price shipping contracts with reputable shippers matching the terms and volumes of certain of our off-take contracts for which we are responsible for arranging shipping. Contracts with shippers, expiring between 2024 through 2039, include provisions as to the minimum amount of MT per year to be shipped and may also stipulate the number of shipments. Pursuant to these contracts, the terms of which extend up to years, charges are based on a fixed-price per MT, and, in some cases, there are adjustment provisions for increases in the price of fuel or for other distribution-related costs. The charge per MT varies depending on the loading and discharge port. Shipping expenses included in cost of goods sold for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Due to the material weaknesses described below, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023, were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for us as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of, and with the participation of our management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework in 2013, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective because of the material weaknesses described below. The material weaknesses outlined below related to recoverability of customer assets, fixed assets, accounting for reimbursable shipping and handling costs, leases, and embedded derivatives within the financial statement close process existed as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses in our internal control as described below resulted in the restatement of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements for the interim periods ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023, included in this report. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, and has expressed an adverse opinion, which appears in their report which is included below. 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Recoverability of customer assets 
 As previously disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our 2022 Form 10-K, we identified a material weakness as of December 31, 2022, related to the ineffective design and execution of internal controls over the evaluation of the recoverability of customer assets recorded, which remained unremediated as of December 31, 2023. 
 We evaluated the material weakness and implemented a plan of remediation to strengthen our internal controls related to the customer assets recoverability testing process. We have continued to review, revise, and improve the effectiveness of our internal controls, including taking the following steps to remediate this material weakness: 
 Enhanced the level of precision at which our internal controls over financial reporting relating to customer asset recoverability assessments are performed; and 
 Improved our documentation to strengthen the support for the judgments applied in the recoverability analyses. 
 Such controls must be in place and operating effectively for a sufficient period of time in order to validate the full remediation of the material weakness. We will not be able to conclude whether these efforts will fully remediate the material weakness until the updated process has operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that such controls are designed and operating effectively. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Fixed assets 
 We did not maintain effective internal controls over the fixed assets process that in aggregate, represents a material weakness in the operation of internal controls. Specifically, we did not adequately execute effective controls and maintain sufficient evidence of management s review for (i) the recognition of fixed assets, related accruals, and disposals in the correct accounting period, (ii) the recognition of depreciation in the correct accounting period, and (iii) the proper accounting for capitalization of interest. 
 Remediation Plan to Address Material Weakness Fixed assets 
 The Company, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board, is actively developing and implementing a comprehensive remediation plan that will include the following key initiatives: 
 Enhancing the timeliness of the operation of controls relating to the accounting and monitoring of fixed assets and related balances; 
 Improving our documentation to strengthen the support for the judgments applied in the recognition of fixed assets and the related accruals and depreciation amounts, including engaging a third party to assist as additional resources; and 
 Refining policies and procedures for fixed asset recognition and monitoring. 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Accounting for reimbursable shipping and handling costs 
 We did not design effective internal controls over the accounting for reimbursable shipping and handling costs recorded as revenue. Specifically, we did not implement and design controls at an appropriate level of precision to (i) properly recognize reimbursable shipping and handling costs, (ii) properly and timely update and reconcile revenue recognized and cost of goods sold in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from contracts with customers. 
 Remediation Plan to Address Material Weakness Accounting for reimbursable shipping and handling costs 
 The Company, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board, is actively developing and implementing a comprehensive remediation plan that will include the following key initiatives: 
 Implementing internal controls over financial reporting relating to accounting for reimbursable shipping and handling costs; and 
 Improving our documentation to strengthen the support for the judgments applied in assessing the impact of reimbursable shipping and handling costs to revenue recognized and cost of goods sold in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from contracts with customers. 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Leases 
 We did not maintain effective internal controls over the lease process that in aggregate, represents a material weakness in the operation of internal controls. Specifically, we did not adequately execute effective controls and maintain sufficient evidence of management s review for (i) the identification of lease and embedded lease contracts, (ii) proper calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability, financing obligation, and lease receivable. 
 Remediation Plan to Address Material Weakness Leases 
 The Company, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board, is actively developing and implementing a comprehensive remediation plan that will include enhancing the execution of controls relating to the accounting and monitoring of lease asset and liability related balances. 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Financial Close Process 
 We did not operate effective internal controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations for numerous accounts, primarily impacting prepaid, other assets, and accrued and other liabilities balances. Additionally, we did not design or implement controls to monitor embedded derivatives for material changes in fair value. In aggregate, these deficiencies represent a material weaknesses in the financial close process. 
 Remediation Plan to Address Material Weakness Financial Close Process 
 The Company, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board, is actively developing and implementing a comprehensive remediation plan that will include the following key initiatives: 
 Improving our documentation to strengthen the account reconciliation review process; 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Implementing internal controls over financial reporting relating to the monitoring of embedded derivatives; and 
 Implementing additional training to ensure consistency of the preparation and review of account reconciliations across the organization. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Control systems, no matter how well conceived and operated, are designed to provide a reasonable, but not an absolute, level of assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We are taking actions to complete the remediation of the remaining material weaknesses relating to our internal control over financial reporting, as described above. Except as otherwise described herein, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Enviva Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment. Management has identified material weaknesses in the design of controls related to the Company s process for accounting for reimbursable shipping and handling costs, in the design and operation of controls for assessing customer assets for recoverability and in the financial statement close process, and in the operation of controls over the Company s process for fixed assets and accounting for leases. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2023 consolidated financial statements of the Company. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated October 3, 2024, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon, that included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 October 3, 2024 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The following sets forth information concerning each member of the Board, including their name, age, principal occupation or employment for at least the past five years and the period for which such person has served as a director of Enviva, as of September 6, 2024. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 
 Director Name Age Position Director Since Glenn T. Nunziata 51 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 2023 Ralph Alexander 69 Lead Independent Director and Acting Chairman 2013 John C. Bumgarner, Jr. 82 Director 2015 Martin N. Davidson 63 Director 2021 Jim H. Derryberry 79 Director 2018 John K. Keppler 53 Director 2023 Gerrit L. Lansing, Jr. 51 Director 2020 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. 62 Director 2021 David M. Leuschen 73 Director 2021 Thomas Meth 51 President, Director 2022 Gary L. Whitlock 75 Director 2016 Janet S. Wong 66 Director 2015 Eva T. Zlotnicka 41 Director 2021 
 Board Matrix 
 The following matrix provides demographic information regarding each director. Gender Race or Ethnicity Man Woman Did Not Disclose Gender African American or Black Asian White Two or More Races or Ethnicities Did Not Disclose Race Demographic Background 10 2 1 1 1 9 1 1 
 Directors 
 Glenn T. Nunziata . Mr. Nunziata is a director of the Board and has served as interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since November 2023, after joining Enviva as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August 2023. As interim CEO, Mr. Nunziata oversees all aspects of Enviva s day-to-day operations, with a current focus on strengthening the Company s balance sheet and providing strategic financial leadership to support the company s transformation. Between September of 2015 and December of 2022, Mr. Nunziata served as CFO of Smithfield Foods Inc., an 18 billion company that owns and operates processing facilities across the U.S. and works with thousands of farmers and landowners each year managing its diversified supply chain. Prior to his tenure at Smithfield, he held various positions of increasing responsibility at EY over the span of 19 years, most recently as a Partner in Assurance Services. Mr. Nunziata holds a Bachelor of Science and a Masters in Accounting from James Madison University. 
 Ralph Alexander Mr. Alexander has served as director on the Board since our inception in November 2013. On September 19, 2023, Mr. Alexander began duties as Interim Chairman of the Board when Mr. Keppler stepped down from his position as Executive Chairman. Mr. Alexander also served as Lead Independent Director of the Board and was formerly Executive Chairman of Talen Energy Corp from November of 2021 until May 2023 where he previously served as CEO from December 2016. He became affiliated with Riverstone Holdings LLC in September 2007. For nearly 25 years, Mr. Alexander served in various positions with subsidiaries and affiliates of BP plc, one of the world s largest oil and gas companies. From June 2004 until December 2006, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Innovene, BP s 20 billion olefins and derivatives subsidiary. From 2001 until June 2004, he served as Chief Executive Officer of BP s Gas, Power and Renewables and Solar segment and was a member of the BP group executive committee. Prior to that, Mr. Alexander served as a Group Vice President in BP s Exploration and Production segment and BP s Refinery and Marketing segment. He held responsibilities for various regions of the world, including North America, Russia, the Caspian, Africa, and Latin America. Prior to these positions, Mr. Alexander held various positions in the upstream, downstream, and finance groups of BP. Mr. Alexander has served on the board of NET 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Power LLC since June 2023. From December 2014 through December 2016, Mr. Alexander served on the board of EP Energy Corporation. He has previously served on the boards of Talen Energy Corporation, Foster Wheeler, Stein Mart, Inc., Amyris, and AngloAmerican plc. Mr. Alexander holds an M.S. in Nuclear Engineering from Brooklyn Polytech (now NYU School of Engineering Polytechnic) and an M.S. in Management Science from Stanford University. 
 John C. Bumgarner, Jr . Mr. Bumgarner joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in April 2015 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. Mr. Bumgarner has been engaged in private investment since November 2002, and currently assists in operating a family owned, multi-faceted real estate company. Mr. Bumgarner previously served as Co-Chief Operating Officer and President of Strategic Investments for Williams Communications Group, Inc., a high technology company, from May 2001 to November 2002. Mr. Bumgarner joined The Williams Companies, Inc., in 1977 and, prior to working at Williams Communications Group, Inc., served as Senior Vice President of Williams Companies Corporate Development and Planning, President of Williams International Company and President of Williams Real Estate Company. He most recently served as a director of Energy Partners, Ltd., an oil and natural gas exploration and production company, from January 2000 to February 2009, and at Market Planning Solutions Inc. from February 1982 until April 2011. Mr. Bumgarner holds a B.S. from the University of Kansas and an M.B.A. from Stanford University. 
 Martin N. Davidson, Ph.D . Dr. Davidson joined the board of directors of Enviva Inc. in December 2021. He is the Johnson Higgins Professor of Business Administration at the University of Virginia s Darden School of Business. Dr. Davidson currently serves as senior associate dean and global chief diversity officer for the school. He teaches, conducts research, and consults with global leaders to help them use diversity strategically to drive high performance. His thought leadership has changed how many executives approach inclusion and diversity in their organizations. His book, The End of Diversity as We Know It: Why Diversity Efforts Fail and How Leveraging Difference Can Succeed , co-authored with Heather Wishik, introduces a research-driven roadmap to help leaders more effectively create and capitalize on diversity in organizations. Dr. Davidson has consulted with leaders of a host of global firms, government agencies, and social profit organizations, including Bank of America, The World Health Organization, The Walt Disney Company, Credit Suisse Group, The Nature Conservancy, and the U.S. Navy SEALs. Dr. Davidson has been featured in numerous media outlets, including The New York Times, Bloomberg BusinessWeek, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, National Public Radio, and CNN. He has been a member of the Darden faculty since 1998. Previously, he was a member of the Amos Tuck School of Business faculty at Dartmouth College. He earned his A.B. from Harvard University and his Ph.D. from Stanford University. 
 Jim H. Derryberry . Mr. Derryberry joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in July 2018 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. Mr. Derryberry served as a director of USA Compression GP, LLC from January 2013 to April 2018. He is currently a special advisor for Riverstone Holdings LLC where he held the office of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer until 2006. Prior to joining Riverstone, Mr. Derryberry was a managing director of J.P. Morgan where he was head of the Natural Resources and Power Group. He had previously served in the Goldman Sachs Global Energy and Power Group where he was responsible for mergers and acquisitions, capital markets financing, and the management of relationships with major energy companies. He also served on the board of directors of Magellan GP, LLC, the general partner of Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P, from 2005-2006. Mr. Derryberry has been a member of the Board of Overseers for the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and is a member of the Engineering Advisory Board at the University of Texas at Austin. He received his B.S. and M.S. degrees in engineering from the University of Texas at Austin and earned an M.B.A. from Stanford University. 
 John K. Keppler . Mr. Keppler joined the board of directors upon the Company s founding. He previously served as the Company s Executive Chairman of the Board from April 2023 to September 2023 and, prior to that, as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2004 un til November 2022, having co-founded Intrinergy with Mr. Meth in 2004. Mr. Keppler led Enviva Partners, LP (NYSE: EVA) to its initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange on April 29, 2015, making it the first publicly traded company in the industry and also led the Company s acquisition of its former sponsor in 2021 and conversion of the Company from a master limited partnership to a Delaware corporation. He serves on the board of directors of the Sustainable Biomass Program (SBP), a non-profit standard-setting organization that manages a voluntary certification system designed for woody biomass used in energy production. Mr. Keppler serves as the chairman of the board of Red Sea Science and Technology, Inc where he has been a director since May of 2023, and has been Executive Chairman of Iyris, Inc. since April 2024. In 2021, Mr. Keppler was named an Entrepreneur Of The Year 2021 National Award winner by Ernst Young LLP (EY US). He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political Economy from the University of California, Berkeley, as well as a Master of Business Administration from the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Virginia. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Gerrit Gerrity L. Lansing, Jr. Mr. Lansing joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in October 2020 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. since 2021 Mr. Lansing has been a Managing Director and Partner of BTG Pactual and Head of International Private Markets at BTG Pactual, which includes BTG Pactual Timberland Investment Group TIG ). where he has served since 2013. TIG is one of the world s largest timberland investment managers with over 6 billion under management across nearly 3 million acres. Mr. Lansing leads a management team at TIG with more than 800 years of combined experience and which operates in accordance with the UN Principles for Responsible Investment and with first-class sustainable forestry practices including those set forth by the Forest Stewardship Council and Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification, as validated by extensive independent audits. Prior to his current role, he was a Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Equator, LLC and its Brazilian subsidiary, TTG Brasil Investimentos Florestais Ltda, which was acquired by BTG Pactual in 2012. Prior to this, as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lansing spent nearly a decade building Madison Trading, LLC and Chatham Energy Partners, LLC (acquired by The Intercontinental Exchange). He is on the board of directors of the Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University, the Buckley School in New York City, the National Alliance of Forest Owners, La Fundaci n de la Universidad del Valle de Guatemala, and TIG portfolios companies Lumin, Vista Hermosa and Caddo Sustainable Timberlands. Mr. Lansing received his B.A. from Duke University. 
 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. Mr. Lapeyre joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in March 2021 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. Mr. Lapeyre is a co-founder and senior managing director of Riverstone Holdings LLC. Prior to co-founding Riverstone in 2000, Mr. Lapeyre was a managing director of Goldman Sachs in its Global Energy Power Group. Mr. Lapeyre joined Goldman Sachs in 1986 and spent his 14-year investment banking career focused on energy and power and leading client coverage and execution of a wide variety of M A, IPO, strategic advisory, and capital markets financings for clients across all sectors of the industry. Mr. Lapeyre received his B.S. in Finance/Economics from the University of Kentucky and his M.B.A. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Mr. Lapeyre serves on the boards of directors or equivalent bodies of a number of public and private Riverstone portfolio companies and their affiliates. In addition to his duties at Riverstone, Mr. Lapeyre serves on the Executive Committee of the Board of Visitors of the MD Anderson Cancer Center and is a Trustee and Treasurer of The Convent of the Sacred Heart. 
 David M. Leuschen . Mr. Leuschen joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in April 2021 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. Mr. Leuschen is the Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of Riverstone. He sits on the Investment Committees of all the various Riverstone investment vehicles. Prior to founding Riverstone, Mr. Leuschen was a Partner and Managing Director at Goldman Sachs and founder and head of the Goldman Sachs Global Energy and Power Group. Mr. Leuschen was responsible for building the Goldman Sachs energy and power investment banking practice into one of the leading franchises in the global energy and power industry. Mr. Leuschen additionally served as Chairman of the Goldman Sachs Energy Investment Committee, where he was responsible for screening potential direct investments by Goldman Sachs in the energy and power industry. Mr. Leuschen has served as a Director of Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Cross Timbers Oil Company (predecessor to XTO Energy) and J. Aron Resources. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Riverstone Energy Limited, Centennial Energy Development, and CNOR. He is also president and sole owner of Switchback Ranch LLC and on the Advisory Board of Big Sky Investment Holdings LLC. David serves on a number of nonprofit boards of directors, including as a Trustee of United States Olympic Committee Foundation, a Director of Conservation International, a Director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a Founding Member of the Peterson Institute s Economic Leadership Council, a Director of the Wyoming Stock Growers Association, and a Director of the Montana Land Reliance. Mr. Leuschen received his A.B. from Dartmouth and his M.B.A. from Dartmouth s Amos Tuck School of Business. 
 Thomas Meth . Mr. Meth is a co-founder of Enviva, and began serving as President in November 2023. Previously, Mr. Meth served as President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2022, President from May 2022, and Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer from December 2021, and, prior to that, as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP and later Enviva Inc. from November 2013. He also co-founded Intrinergy, the predecessor to our former sponsor, in 2004. From 1993 to 2000, Mr. Meth was Director of Sales for Europay Austria, a consumer financial services company that offered MasterCard, Maestro, and Electronic Purse services. Mr. Meth holds a bachelor of commerce from Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration in Austria as well as an M.B.A. from The Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at The University of Virginia. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Gary L. Whitlock . Mr. Whitlock joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in April 2016 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. Mr. Whitlock served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. CenterPoint from September 2002 until April 2015. From April 2015 until his retirement on October 1, 2015, he served as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of CenterPoint. While at CenterPoint, Mr. Whitlock was responsible for accounting, treasury, risk management, tax, strategic planning, business development, emerging businesses, and investor relations. From July 2001 to September 2002, Mr. Whitlock served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Delivery Group of Reliant Energy, Incorporated Reliant ). Prior to joining Reliant, Mr. Whitlock served as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dow AgroSciences LLC, a subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company Dow ), from 1998 to 2001. He began his career with Dow in 1972, where he held a number of financial leadership positions, both in the United States and globally. While at Dow, Mr. Whitlock served on the boards of directors of various Dow entities. Mr. Whitlock is a Certified Public Accountant and received a BBA in accounting from Sam Houston State University in 1972. He has previously served on the board of directors of Texas Genco Holdings, Inc., the board of directors of the general partner of Enable Midstream Partners, LP from March 2013 to August 2015, the board of directors of KiOR, Inc. from December 2010 to June 2015, the board of directors of CHI St. Luke s Health System, The Woodlands, and the Leadership Cabinet of Texas Children s Hospital. 
 Janet S. Wong . Ms. Wong joined the board of directors of the general partner of Enviva Partners, LP in April 2015 and has continued to serve as a member of the board of directors of Enviva Inc. She is a licensed Certified Public Accountant and has more than 30 years of public accounting experience. She is a partner (retired) with KPMG, an international professional services firm, where she gained extensive industry experience in technology, manufacturing, energy, financial services, and consumer products. Currently, Ms. Wong serves on the board of Lucid Group, Inc., a technology manufacturer of electric vehicles and energy storage since July 2021, where she is Chair of the Audit Committee, Lumentum Holdings Inc., a market-leading high technology manufacturer of innovative optical and photonics products since September 2020, and TWFG, Inc., an insurance and financial services company since July 2024, where she is Chair of the Audit Committee. Pre viously, she served on the board of Shine Technologies from April 2022 to August 2023, a private company focused on nuclear technology and clean energy and on the board of Allegiance Bancshares, Inc., a financial services company from April 2022 to September 2022. In addition, she serves on the following non-profit boards: the Board of the Louisiana Tech University Foundation and the Board of the Tri-Cities Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors. She holds a Master of Professional Accountancy from Louisiana Tech University and a Master of Taxation from Golden Gate University. She completed the Director Certificate through the Executive Education Program at Harvard Business School and Directors College at the Stanford Law School. She is an NACD (National Association of Corporate Directors) Certified Director, a professional credential supporting her qualifications and experience as a corporate board director. 
 Eva T. Zlotnicka . Ms. Zlotnicka joined the Board of Directors of Enviva Inc. in December 2021. She is Founder and until December of 2023, President of Inclusive Capital Partners, a San Francisco-based investment firm that partnered with companies enabling solutions to address environmental and social problems. Just prior to founding Inclusive Capital Partners in July 2020, she was a Founder and Managing Director of the ValueAct Spring Fund (now known as Inclusive Capital Partners Spring Fund) and Head of Stewardship at ValueAct Capital. Prior to joining ValueAct Capital in February 2018, Ms. Zlotnicka spent more than 10 years on the sell side, including as US lead Sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) equity research analyst at Morgan Stanley. Ms. Zlotnicka is currently a director of Unifi, Inc. (where she serves on the Audit Committee and as chairman for the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee) since August 2018 . Ms. Zlotnicka previously served as a director of Aircela Inc. from June 2022 to July 2024, Hawaiian Electric Industries from February 2020 to May 2021, of Arcadia Power, and of the Sustainable Ocean Alliance. Ms. Zlotnicka also co-founded Women Investing for a Sustainable Economy (WISE), a global professional community. She has two B.S.c. degrees from the University of Pennsylvania, including one from the Wharton School, and an M.B.A. and a Master of Environmental Science degree from Yale University. 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Director Independence 
 Our Board currently consists of thirteen members. Under the listing requirements and rules of the NYSE, independent directors must constitute a majority of our Board. In addition, the rules of the NYSE require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent. Under the rules of the NYSE, a director will qualify as an independent director only if, in the affirmative opinion of that company s board of directors, that person has no material relationship with the company, either directly or as an officer, partner, or stockholder of a company that has a relationship with the company. In addition, such director must meet the bright-line test for independence set fort h by the NYSE rules. 
 Additionally, compensation committee members must not have a relationship with us that is material to the director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. To be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee: (i) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries; or (ii) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 Our Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees, and the independence of each director. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment, and affiliations, including family relationships, our Board has affirmatively determined that all members of our Board, except Mr. Nunziata and Mr. Meth do not have any material relationships with the Company and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements of the NYSE. Our Board also determined that John C. Bumgarner, Jr., Gary L. Whitlock, and Janet S. Wong, who constitute our Audit Committee, John C. Bumgarner, Jr., Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr., and Gerrity Lansing Jr., who constitute our Compensation Committee, and Ralph Alexander, Janet S. Wong, and Eva T. Zlotnicka, who constitute our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, satisfy the respective independence standards for those committees established by applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements of the NYSE. In making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with the Company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director and the transactions involving each non-employee director, if any, described in Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, as well as to affiliates that perform work for us. The Code also serves as the financial code of ethics for our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, controller, and other senior financial officers. Any waiver of the Code may be made only by the Board or a committee thereof and will be promptly disclosed if and as required by law, the rules and regulations of the SEC, and the listing requirements of the NYSE. Any amendment to the Code may be made only by the Board. If an amendment is so made, appropriate disclosure will be made in accordance with legal requirements (including the rules and regulations of the SEC) and the listing requirements of the NYSE. 
 We have also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that outline the important policies and practices regarding our governance. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines should be interpreted in accordance with any requirements imposed by federal or state laws or regulations, the NYSE, and our governing organizational documents. Although our Corporate Governance Guidelines have been approved by the Board, it is expected that these Corporate Governance Guidelines will evolve over time as customary practice and legal requirements change. In particular, guidelines that encompass legal, regulatory, or stock exchange requirements as they currently exist will be deemed to be modified as and to the extent such legal, regulatory, or stock exchange requirements are modified. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically will review and reassess the adequacy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 
 We make available free of charge, within the Investor Relations section of our website at www.envivabiomass.com and in print to any interested party who so requests, our Code, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Finance Committee Charter, HSSE Committee (as defined below) Charter, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. Requests for print copies may be directed to Investor Relations, Enviva Inc., 7272 Wisconsin Ave., Suite 1800, Bethesda, Maryland 20814, or by telephone at (301) 657-5560. We will post on our website all waivers to or amendments of the Code, which are required to be disclosed by applicable law and the listing requirements of the NYSE. 
 Hedging Transactions 
 Pursuant to the Company s Insider Trading Policy, all directors, officers, and other employees of the Company, as well as outside consultants that receive or are aware of material, non-public information regarding the Company or its business partners Insiders ), are prohibited from making any short sales of any securities of the Company and from engaging in transactions involving Company-based derivative securities. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, trading in Company-based option contracts, transacting in straddles or collars, hedging (generally purchasing any financial instrument or engaging in any transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of the Company s securities), and writing puts or calls. In addition, pursuant to the Company s Insider Trading Policy, Insiders are prohibited from holding the Company s securities in a margin account or pledging securities of the Company as collateral for a loan unless 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 approval is first obtained from the Company s general counsel. Pledging of the Company securities in conjunction with hedging transactions is prohibited. 
 Stockholder Communications 
 A stockholder or other interested party who wishes to communicate with any director may do so by sending communications to the Board, any committee of the Board, the Chairman of the Board, or any other director to: 
 General Counsel 
 Enviva Inc. 
 7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1800 
 Bethesda, Maryland 20814 
 and marking the envelope containing each communication as Stockholder Communication with Directors and clearly identifying the intended recipient(s) of the communication. Comments or complaints relating to the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters will also be referred to members of the Audit Committee. 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEES 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, our Board met sixteen times. Each director attended at least 75 of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and meetings of the committees of which he or she was a member in our last fiscal year. The Board encourages all directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders, if practicable. The Board has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, HSSE Committee, and Finance Committee. Except for the Finance Committee, all members of such committees are non-employee directors whom the Board has determined are independent under the applicable independence standards. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 The Company s governing documents allow the roles of Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer to be filled by the sa me or different individuals. This approach allows the Board flexibility to determine whether the two roles should be separate or combined based upon the Company s needs from time to time. Currently, Mr. Alexander serves as the Acting Chairman of the Board. Mr. Alexander qualifies as an independent director under the applicable cri teria for independence set forth in the listing standards of the NYSE. Mr. Alexander also serves as Lead Independent Director. Pu rsuant to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the duties and functions of the Lead Independent Director include the following: 
 presiding over executive sessions of the non-management directors; 
 presiding over executive sessions of the directors who qualify as independent directors (the NYSE Independent Directors at any time the non-management members of the Board include directors who are not NYSE Independent Directors; 
 consulting with any executive chairman and the Chief Executive Officer concerning the Board s agendas; 
 coordinating the activities of the non-management directors and NYSE Independent Directors, as applicable, and the agenda for executive sessions; 
 communicating feedback to any executive chairman and the Chief Executive Officer following executive sessions of the NYSE Independent Directors; 
 fostering an environment of open dialogue and constructive feedback among the NYSE Independent Directors; 
 calling meetings of the NYSE Independent Directors; 
 serving as a liaison, along with Board committee chairpersons, between the NYSE Independent Directors and any executive chairman; provided that this does not in any way diminish the Chief Executive Officer s accountability to the Board in its entirety or the ability of any individual Board member and the Chief Executive Officer to communicate directly with each other; 
 being available to the Chief Executive Officer for consultation on issues of corporate importance that may involve Board action, and in general serving as a resource to the Chief Executive Officer on an as-needed basis; 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 at the standing invitation of the Board s committees, attending meetings of Board committees on which the Lead Independent Director does not already serve; 
 assisting the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with its oversight of the annual evaluation of the Board and its committees and communicating results of any individual director assessments to individual Board members; 
 consulting with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with respect to recommendations for the nomination of Board members to the Board s committees; 
 subject to the Company s policies regarding public communications, when deemed appropriate, representing the NYSE Independent Directors in engaging with stockholders; and 
 performing such other duties as the Board may determine from time to time. 
 The Board believes all of the foregoing factors provide an appropriate balance between effective and efficient Company leadership and sufficient oversight by the non-employee directors. The Board regularly considers its leadership structure to ensure that the structure is appropriate in light of the needs of the Company s business, and the Board is open to different structures as circumstances may warrant. 
 Risk Oversight 
 The Board has overall responsibility for the oversight of the Company s risk management process, which is designed to support the achievement of organizational objectives, including strategic objectives, improve long-term organizational performance, and enhance stockholder value. Risk management includes not only understanding Company-specific risks and the steps management implements to manage those risks, but also what level of risk is acceptable and appropriate for the Company. Management is responsible for establishing our business strategy, identifying and assessing the related short-, medium-, and long-term risks, and implementing appropriate risk management practices. The Board periodically reviews our business strategy and management s assessment of the risk environment and related risks and discusses with management the appropriate level of risk for the Company. Each of our Board committees also oversees the management of risks that fall within the committee s areas of responsibility. In performing this function, each committee has full access to management, as well as the ability to engage advisors. 
 The Audit Committee oversees the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to risk management in the areas of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and legal and regulatory compliance, and discusses with management the Company s guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. In connection with its risk management role, our Audit Committee meets periodically, both in open session and privately, with representatives from our independent registered public accounting firm and with our Chief Financial Officer. The Audit Committee receives regular reports on, and assessments of, the Company s internal controls from members of management responsible for financial controls. In addition, the Audit Committee receives the independent registered public accounting firm s assessment of the Company s internal controls and financial risks, which includes the independent registered public accounting firm s report on its procedures for identifying fraud and addressing any risk of management override. The Audit Committee also receives management reports regarding specific areas of financial risk and discusses strategies to mitigate risk. 
 The HSSE Committee oversees the Company s plans, programs, and processes to evaluate and manage health, safety, sustainability, and environmental risks to the Company s business, operations, employees, products, and reputation and to the public, including climate risks. Climate risks subject to the oversight of the HSSE Committee include those that may result from increasing concentrations of GHGs in the earth s atmosphere and potentially have significant physical effects, such as sea-level rise and increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, including forest fires. Furthermore, the HSSE Committee reviews and discusses such risks with management and helps management to design and implement policies and procedures to properly manage such risks. 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in shaping the corporate governance of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives updates and advice from management and outside advisors regarding the Company s procedures for complying with corporate governance regulations, as well as with respect to the Company s governance structure and protections. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also develops and annually reviews and recommends to the Board a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines to be adopted for the Company to further the goal of providing effective governance. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 The Compensation Committee assists the Board with its oversight of the compensation of the Company s employee compensation policies and practices, including determining and approving the compensation of the Company s directors, Chief Executive Officer, and other executive officers. The Compensation Committee receives updates and advice on the ongoing advisability of the Company s compensation practices both from management and from the Compensation Committee s independent consultant. 
 The Finance Committee, formed on May 25, 2023, assists the Board with its oversight responsibilities regarding financial matters, including the Company s financial status and capital structure, debt and equity financings, compliance with covenants of material debt instruments, cash management and other banking activities, investor/stockholder relations and relationships with various financial constituents. The Finance Committee assists the Board in reviewing capital expenditures and other capital spending plans, and overseeing and reviewing the financial plans and policies of the Company and, with the Chief Executive Officer, establishing goals and targets consistent with the management and implementation of such plans and policies. The Finance Committee reports regularly to the Board on its findings and recommendations. 
 Board Committees 
 The Board has five standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, an HSSE Committee, and a Finance Committee. 
 Audit Committee 
 Responsibilities of the Audit Committee, which are set forth in the Audit Committee Charter posted on the Company s website, include, among other duties, assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities regarding: 
 the integrity of our financial statements, 
 compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and corporate policies and controls, 
 qualifications, independence, and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review, or attest services for the Company, and 
 effectiveness and performance of the Company s internal audit function. 
 The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Bumgarner, Mr. Whitlock, and Ms. Wong, with Ms. Wong serving as the Chairperson. In addition, the Board believes Ms. Wong satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert. 
 The Audit Committee met nine times during 2023. 
 Compensation Committee 
 Responsibilities of the Compensation Committee, which are set forth in the Compensation Committee Charter that is posted on the Company s website, include, among other duties, the responsibility to: 
 review, evaluate, and approve the agreements, plans, policies, and programs of the Company to compensate the Company s directors and executive officers, 
 review and discuss with the Company s management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by SEC regulations, and 
 otherwise discharge the Board s responsibilities relating to compensation of the Company s directors and executive officers. 
 The Compensation Committee is delegated all authority of the Board as may be required or advisable to fulfill its purposes. The Compensation Committee may delegate to any one of its members or any subcommittee it may form, the responsibility and authority for any particular matter, as it deems appropriate from time to time under the circumstances. 
 The Compensation Committee may retain and determine funding for legal counsel, compensation consultants, as well as other experts and advisors (collectively, Committee Advisors ), including the authority to retain, approve the fees payable to, amend the engagement with, and terminate any Committee Advisor, as it deems necessary or appropriate to fulfill its responsibilities. The Compensation Committee assesses the independence of any Committee Advisor prior to retaining such Committee Advisor, and on an annual basis thereafter. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 The members of the Compensation Committee are Mr. Bumgarner, Mr. Lapeyre, and Mr. Lansing, with Mr. Bumgarner serving as the Chairperson. 
 The Compensation Committee met ten times during 2023. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 Responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which are set forth in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter that is posted on the Company s website, include, among other duties, the responsibility to: 
 advise the Board, make recommendations regarding appropriate corporate governance practices, and assist the Board in implementing those practices, 
 identify individuals qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with the criteria approved by the Board, 
 select and recommend to the Board for approval director nominees for election at the annual meetings of stockholders or for appointment to fill vacancies, and 
 oversee the evaluation of the Board and management. 
 The members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Mr. Alexander, Ms. Wong, and Ms. Zlotnicka, with Mr. Alexander serving as the Chairperson. 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met five times during 2023. 
 Health, Safety, Sustainability, and Environmental Committee 
 Responsibilities of the HSSE Committee, which are set forth in the Health, Safety, Sustainability, and Environmental Committee Charter that is posted on the Company s website, include, among other duties, assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the Board s and our continuing commitment to: 
 ensuring the safety of our employees and the public and assuring that our businesses and facilities are operated and maintained in a safe and environmentally sound manner, 
 sustainability, including sustainable forestry practices, 
 delivering environmental benefits to our customers, the forests from which we source our wood fiber, and the communities in which we operate, and 
 minimizing the impact of our operations on the environment. 
 The HSSE Committee reviews and oversees our health, safety, sustainability, and environmental policies, programs, issues, and initiatives, reviews associated risks that affect or could affect us, our employees, and the public, and ensures proper management of those risks and reports to the Board on health, safety, sustainability, and environmental matters affecting us, our employees, and the public. 
 The members of the HSSE Committee are Mr. Davidson, Mr. Lansing, and Ms. Zlotnicka, with Ms. Zlotnicka serving as the Chairperson. 
 The HSSE Committee met four times during 2023. 
 Finance Committee 
 Responsibilities of the Finance Committee, which are set forth in the Finance Committee Charter that is posed on the Company s website, include, among other duties, the responsibility to: 
 Assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities regarding material financial matters; 
 Assist the Audit Committee in discussing with management the Company s guidelines and policies with respect to the Company s material financial matters, provided, however, that the Finance Committee does not have oversight of the Company s financial reporting; 
 Perform other functions as the Board may assign the Finance Committee from time to time. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 The Members of the Finance Committee are Mr. Alexander, Mr. Keppler, Mr. Lansing, Mr. Lapeyre, Mr. Meth, Mr. Whitlock and Ms. Zlotnicka, with Mr. Whitlock serving as the Chairperson. 
 The Finance Committee met nineteen times during 2023. 
 Executive Sessions 
 In accordance with applicable NYSE listing requirements, the Board holds regular executive sessions in which the non-management directors meet without any members of management present. The purpose of these executive sessions is to promote open and candid discussion among the non-management directors. In the event that the non-management directors include directors who are not independent under the listing requirements of the NYSE, then at least once a year, there will be an executive session including only independent directors. Mr. Alexander presides at these meetings as Lead Independent Director. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 No member of the Compensation Committee is currently, or has been during the last fiscal year, one of our employees. No executive officer currently serves, or has served during the last fiscal year, as a member of the board of directors or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Our current executive officers and their respective ages and positions as of September 6, 2024 are set forth in the following table. Biographical information regarding Glenn Nunziata, Thomas Meth, Mark A. Coscio, Jason E. Paral and John-Paul D. Taylor is set forth following the table. Biographical information for Glenn Nunziata and Thomas Meth is set forth above under Directors. 
 Name Age Position Glenn T. Nunziata 
 51 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Thomas Meth 51 President, Director Mark A. Coscio 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Jason E. Paral 
 42 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
 John-Paul D. Taylor 44 Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
 Mark A. Coscio . Mr. Coscio has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since November 2023, having previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer since joining Enviva in September 2022. In his current role, he overseas Enviva s wood pellet manufacturing plants and deep-water marine terminals, as well as the corporate development and construction functions. Mr. Coscio has an extensive background managing global engineering, procurement, and construction projects within the energy sector as well as hands-on experience on projects from the proposal phase through execution and commissioning. Prior to joining Enviva, he served as Senior Vice President, North, Central South America at McDermott International, Ltd, after joining the company as Vice President, Petrochemical/Refining Operations in 2018. Prior to that, he held progressively increasing leadership roles at Chicago Bridge Iron Company from 1998 to 2018. Mark has a Bachelor s Degree in civil engineering with a project management specialty from Texas A M University. He holds a Master of Business Administration from the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. 
 Jason E. Paral . Mr. Paral has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary since November 2023. He is also Enviva s Chief Compliance Officer. Previously, he held a series of positions at Enviva with increasing responsibility, first as Assistant General Counsel beginning in June 2015, then as Vice President, Associate General Counsel, and Secretary beginning in February 2018, then as Deputy General Counsel beginning in March 2022, and as Senior Vice President beginning in January 2023. Prior to joining Enviva, Mr. Paral practiced law at Vinson Elkins L.L.P., where, from February 2008 to June 2015, he represented borrowers, developers, sponsors, and investors in the renewable and traditional energy industries across a broad range of complex project development and project finance transactions, as well as mergers, acquisitions, and other corporate transactions. Mr. Paral holds a B.A. in Political Science from Western Illinois University and a J.D. from The George Washington University Law School. 
 John-Paul D. Taylor . Mr. Taylor has served as Senior Vice President Chief Commercial Officer since January 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Taylor held roles as Senior Vice President, Sales Fulfillment since June 2022 and prior to that, as Senior Vice President, Optimization and Origination since March 2020. He joined Enviva as Vice President, Optimization and Origination in February 2014. He has been an integral part of the sales and marketing team, spending the last several years 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 developing new markets in Asia, most significantly in Japan, and now leads our Asia Pacific team. Mr. Taylor is responsible for sales processes as they relate to managing existing Enviva customer contracts and executing new long-term wood pellet offtakes and related freight contracts, leading Enviva s contract fulfillment process from inception to fulfillment. He also analyzes the broader market at large in order to deploy customized logistical solutions for customers to improve the Enviva value chain. Prior to joining Enviva, Mr. Taylor served as Vice President of Biomass Brokerage at Evolution Markets, where he developed and grew the company s biomass business. He holds a B.A. in Commerce and an M.A. in International Economics and Finance from Ryerson University in Toronto and graduated from the Carbon Finance Analytics Programme at the London Business School. 
 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 
 Under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC rules, our directors, executive officers, and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our Common Stock are required to file periodic reports of their ownership, and changes in that ownership, with the SEC. Based on our review of the filed reports, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements were complied with during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, except that, due to inadvertent oversights, John K. Keppler was one day late in filing a Form 4 reporting transactions that took place on April 14, 2023. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Compensation Discussion Analysis 
 Background and Business Highlights for 2023 
 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A explains the 2023 executive compensation program for the Named Executive Officers (the NEOs identified below. Please read this CD A together with the tables and related narrative about executive compensation that follow. 
 The table below lists our NEOs in 2023 whose compensation is described in this CD A, with the title that each individual held as of the end of the 2023 year: 
 Executive 
 Title 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Board member 
 Thomas Meth President and Board member 
 Mark A. Coscio Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Jason E. Paral 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
 John-Paul D. Taylor Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer John K. Keppler 
 Former Executive Chairman 
 Shai S. Even 
 Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Bankruptcy Filings . As previously disclosed in our Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2024, we filed voluntary petitions (the Petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia (the Bankruptcy Court on March 12, 2024. Please keep in mind our 2023 executive compensation program discussed in this CD A was designed prior to the filing of the Petitions. Therefore, the discussion of the components of our 2023 executive compensation program is not reflective of the recent orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court. While we are implementing a compensation program in 2024 to incent our executives to achieve a successful emergence and position the Company to create long-term stockholder value, any bonus programs, incentive plans, retention plans, severance, or any similar programs or plans discussed in this CD A for 2023 were suspended by the Bankruptcy Court in its Final Wages Order with respect to unpaid payments effective as of April 23, 2024. As a result, certain components of the compensation discussed below that were granted in 2023 but not fully paid out to our NEOs prior to the Final Wages Order may never be earned or paid to the applicable NEOs, absent a further order from the Bankruptcy Court. Solely for purposes of the following CD A disclosures and the compensation tables that follow, we have assumed that the payment restrictions contained in the Final Wages Order apply to Messrs. Nunziata, Meth, Coscio, Taylor, Paral, Keppler (together, the Restricted NEOs ). Because Mr. Even s employment terminated prior to the filing of the Petitions, he is not covered by the Final Wages Order for purposes of this CD A. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Final Wages Order generally authorizes the Company to continue paying all prepetition wages, salaries, retirement benefits, health and welfare benefits, and other compensation and benefits that were historically provided to all members of the Company s workforce in the ordinary course of business, which includes all base salary payments and employer retirement contributions made to our current NEOs. 
 Executive Compensation Elements Support Our Philosophy and Strategy 
 During the 2023 year, our executive compensation philosophy sought to tie compensation to our financial and operating performance goals. Specifically, the 2023 executive compensation program included various performance metrics for our NEOs that were closely aligned with financial returns to our shareholders and were designed to result in annual and long-term value creation. We value the continued interest of and feedback from our shareholders on our executive compensation program and consider the voting support from our shareholders on our say-on-pay vote when evaluating our executive compensation program. At our 2023 Annual Meeting, our stockholders approved of the compensation of our NEOs. 
 Our executive compensation program for 2023 was designed to attract, retain, reward, and motivate high-performing executive leadership whose talent and expertise enable us to create long-term shareholder value, not only on an absolute basis, but also relative to our peers. Furthermore, given that we sit at the forefront of a relatively new and rapidly evolving industry, our success depends in large part on retaining the unique skill sets that our NEOs will or have developed during their tenure with the Company. Against that backdrop, our 2023 executive compensation program consisted of three primary components, described below, that contained a substantial portion of at-risk, performance-based compensation, 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 incorporated our financial and operational results, and aligned our NEOs interests with those of our shareholders with the ultimate objective of increasing long-term shareholder value. 
 Competitive compensation opportunities 
 Providing competitive compensation opportunities was a key factor in allowing us to attract and retain the caliber of executives we needed to deliver on the aggressive performance goals established under the incentive compensation arrangements in which our NEOs participated. 
 Among other factors, each NEO s 2023 target total direct compensation was determined with reference to market data reflecting executive pay levels among our peer companies and survey data taken from the broader market. 
 Commitment to best practices 
 Significant At-Risk, Variable Compensation : A significant percentage of annual compensation is at-risk, variable, and performance-based, such as Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (the AICP awards and certain LTIP awards. 
 No Guaranteed Bonuses : We did not have in place any annual or multi-year bonus or incentive guarantees for the NEOs. 
 No Gross-Ups : No tax gross-ups upon a change in control or with respect to Code Section 409A matters. 
 No Individual Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans: There are no executive retirement plans that were different from the ones offered to the broader employee population. 
 No Excessive Perquisites : We did not offer excessive perquisites to our NEOs. 
 No Hedging : Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits, among other things, hedging transactions relating to our common stock. 
 Independent Compensation Consultant : The Compensation Committee engaged Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC, an independent compensation consultant (the Compensation Consultant ), to assist with its regular review of our executive compensation program. 
 No single trigger arrangements . No NEO is entitled to single-trigger change of control benefits. 
 2023 NEO Compensation 
 Role of Compensation Consultant 
 For 2023, the Compensation Committee engaged the Compensation Consultant to advise on matters related to executive and non-employee director compensation. 
 The scope of the Compensation Consultant s engagement included a review of our peer group and an executive compensation analysis based on said peer group. The Compensation Consultant did not have the authority to make decisions regarding compensation and served solely in an advisory role. 
 Peer Group and Market Data 
 Neither peer group data nor broader employment market survey data is a prescription for program design or individual pay levels for the Compensation Committee. Peer data, in combination with broader market survey data, provides a reference point for competitive pay rates and program design for our NEOs. For 2023, in cooperation with the Compensation Consultant, we reviewed the peer group and determined what modifications, if any, would be appropriate for the upcoming year. Factors considered in selecting peers included operations in related industry sectors, comparable market capitalization and revenues, similarity of business strategy, and availability and clarity of publicly filed compensation data. We also considered companies identified as peers of ours by the investment community, although these companies may or may not ultimately have been included in our peer group for presentation herein. In the peer group review process, we also considered the impact of simplifications or other corporate-level transactions that had occurred during the past year. As a result of this review, and upon the recommendation of the Compensation Consultant, the Compensation Committee approved the peer group as reflected in the below table. We believe the peer group reflects the 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Company s status as a corporation, its growth profile, the evolution away from midstream oil and gas as a basis for comparison, and other factors. 
 2023 Peer Group 
 Ameresco, Inc. 
 Ingevity Corporation 
 Atlantica Sustainable Infrastructure plc 
 Ingredion Incorporated 
 Brookfield Renewable Corporation 
 Innergex Renewable Energy Inc. 
 Cheniere Energy, Inc. 
 Mercer International Inc. 
 Clearway Energy, Inc. 
 PotlachDeltic Corporation 
 Darling Ingredients, Inc. 
 Rayonier Advanced Materials Inc. 
 Green Plains Inc. 
 Rayonier Inc. 
 Hannon Armstrong 
 
 Key Elements of the Executive Compensation Program 
 The following discussion provides details regarding the three primary elements of the 2023 compensation program set for our NEOs: base salary, AICP awards, and LTIP awards. Our NEOs also received certain customary health, welfare, and retirement plan benefits, which are briefly described below. However, as noted above, if the bonus, incentive, or equity-based awards granted prior to the filing of the Petitions were not already paid at the time the Final Wages Order became effective, those amounts will not actually become earned or payable to the Restricted NEOs absent a contrary order of the Bankruptcy Court. 
 Base Salary 
 Each NEO s base salary was a fixed component of annual compensation and, except with respect to Mr. Keppler, was set out in such NEO s employment agreement with our wholly owned subsidiary Enviva Management Company, LLC Enviva Management Company ). The Compensation Committee made all final decisions regarding the NEOs salaries based on a review of the specific job duties and functions, individual NEO expertise, and the relative competitiveness of each NEO s compensation compared to our peers and to the market survey data. 
 Name 
 2023 Annual Base Salary 
 ) 
 End of 2023 Year Base Salary 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 650,000 850,000 Thomas Meth 750,000 Mark A. Coscio 425,000 Jason E. Paral 
 375,000 425,000 John-Paul D. Taylor 375,000 John K. Keppler 
 600,000 Shai S. Even 
 490,000 
 Reflects the base salaries effective as of January 1, 2023 for Messrs. Meth, Coscio, and Even. Messrs. Nunziata and Keppler's base salaries were effective as of August 28, 2023, and March 27, 2023, upon their commencement of employment and appointment, respectively. Mr. Nunziata s salary change was due to the significant increase in duties and responsibilities in association with his promotion to Interim Chief Executive Officer in November 2023. With respect to Messrs. Paral and Taylor, their base salaries on January 1, 2023 were 325,000 and 320,433, respectively, which were subsequently increased on January 17, 2023 and January 14, 2023, respectively, to 375,000. Mr. Paral s base salary was increased again during the 2023 year to reflect the increasing duties associated with his role. 
 Short-Term Incentive Compensation 
 Each NEO, with the exception of Mr. Keppler, participated in the AICP cash-based incentive program with respect to the portion of the 2023 calendar year for which they were employed. 
 With respect to the 2023 year, the Compensation Committee established an aggregate Company bonus pool that was calculated based on performance relative to a single adjusted EBITDA financial target. We generally set aggressive 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 performance metrics at levels that are designed to be extremely challenging to achieve. A threshold level was set at which the bonus pool could become funded at 50 , and then a stretch target level was determined that could fund the pool at 100 for all target awards. The threshold for 2023 was set at 19.3 million adjusted EBITDA and the target was set at 320 million adjusted EBITDA. The required EBITDA target was not met for the 2023 year, therefore the Compensation Committee did not address additional metrics or individual performance factors for the year. 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents a non-GAAP financial measure. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), early retirement of debt obligation, non-cash equity-based compensation and other expenses, loss on disposal of assets and impairment of assets, changes in unrealized derivative instruments related to hedged items, acquisition and integration costs and other, effects of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine, Support Payments, and Executive separation. Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure used by our management and other users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, and research analysts, to assess the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods or capital structure. 
 Following the close of the 2023 calendar year, it was determined that the threshold level for Company performance under the AICP was not achieved. As a result, no cash payments under the AICP were made to the NEOs with respect to the 2023 year. The table below reflects the potential target amounts that could have become payable with respect to the 2023 calendar year. 
 Name 
 Target Bonus (As a Percentage of Base Salary) 
 2023 Target Bonus Amount 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata (1) 
 50 537,500 Thomas Meth 150 1,125,000 Mark A. Coscio 100 425,000 Jason E. Paral 
 75 281,250 John-Paul D. Taylor 100 375,000 John K. Keppler 
 Shai S. Even 
 125 612,500 
 (1) Mr. Nunziata s Target Bonus for 2024 will be increased to 150 of his then in-effect base salary in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement. 
 As described in previous filings, none of the 2022 NEOs received an AICP payment with respect to the 2022 year. However, the Compensation Committee determined instead to create a discretionary award pool of 10.5 million, which equated to an award that ranged from 50 to 72 of the target payout under the 2022 AICP, and these discretionary awards were awarded in 2023 through additional grants of equity-based awards under the LTIP, whether as common stock or as time-based restricted stock units subject to a one-year vesting schedule (the AICP LTIP Awards ). This discretionary pool was created to reward adjusted EBITDA within the revised guidance range for 2022, excluding the impact of certain accretive sales transactions in fourth-quarter 2022, which required different accounting treatment as compared to our guidance assumptions, as well as adjusted EBITDA growth year-over-year. The additional scorecard results in Safety (lower TRIR rate), Sustainability (Track and Trace Compliance), and growth (Increased Backlog) were all positive trends and recognized in the discretionary awards. While these were 2022 compensation decisions, the grant of these awards will be reflected as 2023 year grants in certain tables that follow this CD A for applicable 2023 NEOs, therefore we have included the prior year information for context. 
 We issued the AICP LTIP Awards in March 2023 in the amounts and to the NEOs included in the table below. The AICP LTIP Awards vested on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to their continued employment during that p eriod. These awards were settled prior to the Final Wages Order. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Name 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted Pursuant to AICP LTIP Awards in 2023 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Thomas Meth Mark A. Coscio 2,572 Jason E. Paral 
 5,587 John-Paul D. Taylor 8,226 John K. Keppler 
 Shai S. Even 
 
 Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation 
 The LTIP is intended to promote our long-term success and increase long-term shareholder value by attracting, motivating, and aligning the interests of our NEOs with those of our shareholders. Our LTIP provides for the grant of a variety of awards, but we determined that restricted stock unit awards would most appropriately incentivize and reward our NEOs. The terms of our NEOs LTIP awards were determined by the Compensation Committee. The description below reflects the decisions that our Compensation Committee initially made with respect to 2023 LTIP grants, prior to the implementation of the settlement restrictions of the Final Wages Order. Any portions of the awards that vested prior to the Final Wages Order were allowed to be paid, but absent an alternative Bankruptcy Court order to the contrary, the remainder will not be paid. 
 The 2023 annual LTIP awards granted to all NEOs with the exception of Mr. Nunziata and Mr. Keppler were divided into 50 time-based restricted stock units and 50 performance-based restricted stock units: 
 Time-based restricted stock units were designed to vest at the end of a four-year period based on continued service following the grant date. 
 Performance-based restricted stock units were designed to vest upon the achievement of a TSR percentile over a four-year period. The performance-based restricted stock units may vest between 0 and 200 of the target amount granted to each NEO based upon performance relative to pre-established criteria. For 2023 awards, performance was based upon TSR relative to the companies in the S P 500 Index (the TSR Factor ). The Compensation Committee selected relative TSR because it recognizes our broader competition for investor capital, provides an observable and objective metric from a large group of comparable companies to which we aspire, and aligns the incentives of our NEOs with our investors expectations of shareholder value creation. 
 Each grant of restricted stock units (time-based and performance-based) included the right to receive dividend equivalent rights DERs ). DERs on performance-based units are paid to the holder in cash within 60 days following the vesting of the associated award (if any) and are forfeited if the underlying award was forfeited for any reason. The DERs associated with the time-based restricted stock units are paid to the holder of the award within the 60-day period immediately following any cash distribution made with respect to our common stock. Restricted stock units could be settled in cash or in common stock, at the discretion of our Compensation Committee. 
 The target value of LTIP awards that the applicable NEOs receive annually is, for all NEOs with employment agreements, set forth in such NEO s employment agreement as a percentage of base salary. In 2023, all NEOs except Mr. Keppler, were party to an employment agreement. In determining the value of LTIP awards granted to the NEOs on January 31, 2023, our Compensation Committee considered these target LTIP values, our performance, and the performance of the individual NEOs for 2022. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock units awarded on January 31, 2023, is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table under the Stock Awards column. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 The number of time-based restricted stock units and target number of performance-based restricted stock units granted to the NEOs in January 2023 are set forth below: 
 Name 
 Target 2023 Annual LTIP Award Value (Percentage of Salary) 
 Number of Time-Based Annual Restricted Stock Units Granted in January 2023 
 Number of Performance-Based Annual Restricted Stock Units Granted in January 2023 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Thomas Meth 300 24,736 24,736 Mark A. Coscio 250 11,681 11,681 Jason E. Paral 
 150 6,184 6,184 John-Paul D. Taylor 200 8,245 8,245 John K. Keppler 
 Shai S. Even 
 250 13,467 13,467 
 The payouts for the performance-based restricted stock units were designed as follows (using linear interpolation for payouts between threshold and target or target and maximum): 
 Below Threshold 
 Threshold 
 Target 
 Maximum 
 TSR Factor Table of Contents 

 Name 
 Number of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Granted Pursuant to Special LTIP Award in 2023 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Thomas Meth Mark A. Coscio 38,760 Jason E. Paral 
 38,760 John-Paul D. Taylor 54,264 John K. Keppler 
 Shai S. Even 
 
 Other Elements of 2023 Compensation 
 Retention Awards 
 In October 2023, after consultation with the Compensation Consultant, the Compensation Committee determined that we should enter into Retention Agreements pursuant to which the Company issued immediately payable cash retention bonuses to all NEOs excluding Mr. Even and Mr. Keppler (the October 2023 Retention Bonuses ). Pursuant to the 2023 Retention Bonuses, the Company agreed to pay the respective NEOs the following amounts subject to a provision for payback in full of the after-tax award values in the event of the recipient s termination within nine months of the award date. Additionally, in November of 2023, the Compensation Committee determined that we should enter into a second Retention Agreement with Mr. Meth (the November 2023 Retention Bonus ). If Mr. Meth s employment was terminated prior to July 23, 2024, by the Company for cause or by Mr. Meth for good reason, Mr. Meth would have been required to promptly repay us an amount equal to the amount received. These retention awards were not deemed to be earned until the repayment obligations passed in the 2024 calendar year. Therefore, the amounts will not be reflected within the Summary Compensation Table below in the 2023 year, and will instead be reportable with respect to the 2024 year. 
 Name October 2023 Retention Bonuses 
 ) 
 November 2023 Retention Bonus 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 850,000 Thomas Meth 500,000 500,000 Mark A. Coscio 385,000 Jason E. Paral 490,000 John-Paul D. Taylor 300,000 John K. Keppler Shai S. Even 
 Retirement and Health and Welfare Plans 
 We generally offered the same types of retirement, health, and welfare benefits to the NEOs as part of our total executive compensation package as we did to other eligible employees, although our NEOs also received the following: a supplemental individual term life insurance policy and a comprehensive annual physical with customized wellness coaching. 
 Our NEOs currently participate in a 401(k) plan maintained by Enviva Management Company. The 401(k) plan permits all eligible employees, including our NEOs, to make voluntary pre-tax contributions and/or Roth after-tax contributions to the plan. In addition, Enviva Management Company is permitted to make discretionary matching contributions under the plan. All matching contributions made under the plan during the first three years of an individual s employment vest following the satisfaction of an initial three-year cliff vesting schedule; thereafter, all matching contributions vest immediately. All contributions under the plan are subject to certain annual dollar limitations, which are periodically adjusted as required by law. 
 Compensation Changes Originally Approved for the 2024 Calendar Year 
 Towards the end of the 2023 year, we began a comprehensive review of alternatives to strengthen our capital structure, augment our liquidity, address contractual liabilities, and increase our long-term profitability. As part of those discussions, on December 21, 2023, the Board approved two separate compensation arrangements for certain executive officers and members of the Company s management team employed at that time. These changes were publicly filed within a Form 8-K 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 at the time of their adoption, as they impacted the structure of the AICP and LTIP programs described above with respect to the 2023 calendar year. However, as noted above, the Final Wages Order modified the executive-level incentive and bonus programs that were adopted prior to our filing of the Petitions, and restricted us from paying out any additional payments under the programs described below following the effective date of the Final Wages Order (April 23, 2024). Our NEOs did receive certain payments from the two arrangements prior to the Final Wages Order, therefore they continue to be described below. 
 For 2024, the AICP and LTIP grants were replaced with grants from a cash-based retention program and an incentive program, as applicable. The retention program provided each executive with a target award equal to fifty percent (50 of the combined value of the executive s target AICP and target LTIP awards that would have been granted to the executive with respect to the 2024 year from our previous programs, with a 15 reduction to LTIP award values. The retention award would generally have been paid in quarterly installments, subject to continued employment. If the executive was terminated without cause, resigned for good reason, or incurred a death or disability, in each case during the 2024 calendar year, the executive would have received any unpaid installments of the retention award; other termination events would have resulted in forfeiture or clawback, as applicable. The incentive program provided each executive with a target award equal to fifty percent (50 of the combined value of the executive s target AICP and target LTIP award that would have been granted to the executive with respect to the 2024 year from our previous programs, with a 15 reduction to LTIP award values. The incentive award generally would have been paid in quarterly installments, subject to the satisfaction of performance measures pre-determined for each individual calendar quarter. Quarterly performance measures would have had to meet threshold levels to be paid at 50 of the target, with a maximum of 200 of target payable for each quarter. If the executive was terminated without cause, resigned for good reason, or incurred a death or disability, in each case from January 1, 2024, until all installments of the incentive award had been paid, the executive would have received any unpaid installments of the incentive award for quarters begun or completed (including the installment applicable to the quarter in which the termination occurred); other termination events will result in forfeiture or clawback, as applicable. 
 Security Ownership Requirements 
 We maintain the Enviva Inc. Stock Ownership and Retentio n Policy (the Retention Policy ), w hich provides that officers who are required to file ownership reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and certain other officers, as designated from time-to-time by our Board or the Compensation Committee, retain at least 50 (and where the individual has not met certain holding requirements by specific timelines, 100 of common equity awarded under the LTIP (net of any equity withheld or so ld to cover tax liabilities upon vesting) until certain ownership requirements are met. The requirements for our NEOs are set forth in the table below: 
 Name Multiple of Annualized Base Salary 
 CEO 
 5x 
 EVPs 
 3x 
 SVPs 
 2x 
 
 Stock that counts towards the satisfaction of the retention requirements of the Retention Policy includes stock held directly by each NEO, stock owned indirectly by such NEO (e.g., by a spouse or other immediate family member residing in the same household or a trust for the benefit of such NEO or the NEO s family), and time-based restricted stock units granted under the LTIP. As of the date of this f iling, each of our NEOs was in compliance with the policy. 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 The LTIP and the AICP provide that any award granted pursuant to the applicable plan will be subject to any claw-back or recoupment policies required by law, securities exchange rules, or otherwise, as determined to be appropriate by our Board. We have also adopted the Policy on Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and Clawback of Compensation Related to Misconduct, effective as of November 1, 2023. This policy is intended to comply with the SEC s clawback rules that went into effect during the 2023 year, as well as to provide the company with the ability to recoup certain incentive compensation in the event of an individual s misconduct. 
 Employment Agreements and Individual Agreements 
 Each of the NEOs that was still serving in an executive role at the end of the 2023 year is party to an employment agreement with Enviva Management Company. Our Board determined that we should maintain employment agreements with our NEOs in order to ensure that they will perform their roles for an extended period of time. Certain provisions 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 contained within these employment agreements, such as potential severance benefits (including change in control benefits for certain individuals) and restrictive covenants, are also essential to retaining our talented management team and protecting the interests of our stockholders. 
 The agreements generally have a one-year term that may be extended and renewed for successive one-year periods if neither party has delivered a written notice of non-renewal within the sixty (60) day period prior to the expiration of the term. 
 As noted above, the employment agreements also contain potential severance benefits and, with respect to certain NEOs, change in control benefits, as well as certain restrictive covenants. Those benefits are described in more detail and quantified within the section titled Potential Payments upon Termination and Change in Control. Please note that the Restricted NEOs will no longer be eligible to receive any severance or change in control benefits contained within their employment agreements or described herein as a result of the Bankruptcy Court s Final Wages Order. 
 Hedging/ Insider Trading Policy 
 Under the Company s Insider Trading Policy, all directors, officers, and employees, including the named executive officers, are prohibited from hedging, buying or selling options, engaging in short sales, or trading prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, exchange funds, forward-sale contracts, collars or other derivatives or monetizations on Company securities. 
 Compensation Risk Assessment 
 In accordance with the requirements of Item 402(s) of Regulation S-K, to the extent that risks may arise from our compensation policies and practices for our employees that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us, we are required to discuss our policies and practices for compensating our employees (including our employees that are not NEOs) as they relate to our risk management practices and risk-taking incentives. We have determined that our compensation policies and practices for our employees, including our NEOs, do not encourage excessive risk-taking and are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. Our Compensation Committee routinely assesses our compensation policies and practices and takes this consideration into account as part of its review. 
 Report of the Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the CD A required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to in the foregoing sentence, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the CD A be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 John C. Bumgarner, Jr. 
 Gerrit L. Lansing, Jr. 
 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 The table below sets forth the annual compensation for our NEOs for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, to the extent the individual was a named executive officer for that year. The compensation disclosed below with respect to the 2019 and 2020 calendar years is the compensation for which we were responsible for partially reimbursing Enviva Management Company pursuant to the MSAs, therefore it only reflects a portion of the compensation that the NEOs received for those years. The compensation disclosed below with respect to the 2021 calendar year is the compensation for the full amount paid to each NEO, irrespective of any allocation between Enviva Inc. and Enviva Management Company, as discussed above. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary 
 ) (1) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) (2) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) (3) 
 Total 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 2023 253,425 1,950,002 10,029 2,213,456 (Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) (4) 
 Thomas Meth 
 2023 750,000 2,708,144 12,478 3,470,622 (President) 
 2022 588,669 1,249,984 9,150 1,847,803 2021 431,370 850,012 514,250 8,700 1,804,332 Mark A. Coscio 
 2023 425,000 2,081,734 8,767 2,515,501 (Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer) 
 Jason E. Paral 
 2023 383,288 1,282,233 10,320 1,675,841 (Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary) 
 John-Paul D. Taylor 
 2023 375,000 1,722,213 8,948 2,106,161 (Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer) 
 John K. Keppler 
 2023 281,096 2,783,852 2,823,990 5,888,938 (Former Executive Chairman) (5) 
 2022 871,233 3,399,976 59,150 4,330,359 2021 816,986 1,200,000 3,400,044 780,000 8,700 6,205,730 Shai S. Even 
 2023 324,877 1,597,672 154,060 2,076,609 (Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) (6) 
 2022 490,000 1,225,046 9,150 1,724,196 3,448,392 2021 466,208 556,800 1,159,968 8,700 2,191,676 
 (1) Amounts included in this column reflect pro-rata year values for individuals who did not serve for the entire year or who experienc ed salary increases during the year. 
 (2) The amounts reflected in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of time-based and performance-based phantom units or restricted stock units, as applicable to the year of grant (which include tandem DERs) granted to the NEOs pursuant to the LTIP, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 718, disregarding the estimate of forfeitures. The grant date fair value for time-based restricted stock unit awards issued in 2023 is based on the closing price of our shares of common stock on the date of grant, which was 45.48 per share for awards granted on January 31, 2023, 37.68 per share for awards granted on March 6, 2023, 23.44 per share for the award granted on April 14, 2023, 12.90 per share for awards granted on August 2, 2023, and 6.53 per share for awards granted on September 19, 2023. The grant date fair value of performance-based restricted stock unit awards is reported based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions on the date of grant. See Note 18, Equity-Based Awards , to our consolidated financial statements for additional detail regarding assumptions underlying the value of these awards. If the maximum amount, rather than the probable amount, were reported in the table with respect to the performance-based restricted stock units, the values associated with the 4-year performance-based grants would be as follows: Mr. Meth, 2,249,987; Mr. Even, 1,224,958; Mr. Coscio, 1,062,504; Mr. Paral, 562,497; and Mr. Taylor, 749,965. As indicated above, only 25 of the time-based restricted stock units granted in 2023 became earned prior to the Final Wages Order. Therefore 75 of the time-based restricted stock units and all of the performance-based restricted stock units are expected to be forfeited without payment. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Amounts reported in the All Other Compensation column reflect the following: 
 Name Gym Membership 
 ) 
 Employer 401(k) Contributions 
 ) 
 Employer Contributions to Group Term Life Insurance 
 ) 
 Executive Term Life Insurance 
 ) 
 Severance 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 9,900 129 Thomas Meth 9,520 419 2,539 Mark A. Coscio 8,347 420 Jason E. Paral 9,900 420 John-Paul D. Taylor 8,528 420 John K. Keppler 2,238 9,252 2,812,500 Shai S. Even 936 9,900 307 142,917 
 (4) Mr. Nunziata was appointed as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on August 29, 2023. Mr. Nunziata also began serving as our Interim Chief Executive Officer effective as of November 9, 2023. 
 (5) Mr. Keppler was reappointed to our Board as our Executive Chairman on March 27, 2023. Mr. Keppler previously served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board before stepping down from his responsibilities in November of 2022. Mr. Keppler resigned as an executive officer of the Company on September 19, 2023, but continued to serve as a non-management member of the Board. 
 (6) Mr. Even separated from his position as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective as of August 29, 2023. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 2023 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 
 Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards ) (1) 
 Estimated Possible Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (#) (2) 
 Name Grant Date Threshold 
 Target 
 Maximum 
 Threshold 
 Target 
 Maximum 
 All Other Equity Awards (3) 
 Grant Date Fair Value 
 ) (4) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 09/19/2023 298,622 1,950,002 01/31/2023 287,750 537,500 Thomas Meth 01/31/2023 12,368 24,736 49,472 1,161,850 01/31/2023 24,736 1,124,994 03/06/2023 11,181 421,300 01/31/2023 562,500 1,125,000 Mark A. Coscio 
 01/31/2023 5,841 11,681 23,362 548,657 01/31/2023 11,681 531,252 01/31/2023 8,903 404,908 03/06/2023 2,572 96,913 08/02/2023 38,760 500,004 01/31/2023 212,500 425,000 Jason E. Paral 
 01/31/2023 3,092 6,184 12,368 290,462 01/31/2023 6,184 281,249 03/06/2023 5,587 210,518 08/02/2023 38,760 500,004 01/31/2023 140,625 281,250 John-Paul D. Taylor 
 01/31/2023 4,123 8,245 16,490 387,268 01/31/2023 8,245 374,893 03/06/2023 8,226 309,956 08/02/2023 54,264 700,006 01/31/2023 187,500 375,000 John K. Keppler 
 03/06/2023 20,803 783,857 04/14/2023 85,324 1,999,995 Shai S. Even 
 01/31/2023 6,734 13,467 26,934 01/31/2023 13,467 612,480 03/06/2023 9,359 352,647 01/31/2023 306,250 612,500 (1) The values within these columns reflect the threshold and target values cash-based AICP awards for the 2023 calendar year, as determined on the grant date of the potential award. 
 (2) These column reflect the performance-based restricted stock units granted to our NEOs during the 2023 calendar year. 
 (3) This column reflects the time-based restricted stock units granted to our NEOs during the 2023 calendar year. 
 (4) The values in the Grant Date Fair Value column are determined by multiplying the number of restricted stock units granted by the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. With respect to the performance-based restricted stock units, the grant date value utilized pursuant to accounting principles was 46.97 assuming a target level of performance. 
 NARRATIVE DISCLOSURE TO THE SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE AND GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS TABLE 
 Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 We granted time-based and performance-based restricted stock unit awards to our NEOs pursuant to the LTIP in 2023. As detailed in the CD A, according to the Bankruptcy Court s Final Wages Order, the vesting of these grants to the Restricted NEOs is suspended, and, therefore, the awards reflected above that were outstanding and unvested as of the date of the Final Wages Order will not be settled unless upon further order of the Bankruptcy Court. Therefore, the values reflected above in the Summary Compensation Table and the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table with respect to the LTIP 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 awards and AICP awards may not ever be fully realized by the Restricted NEOs. The potential acceleration and forfeiture events relating to the restricted stock unit awards that were applicable to the awards as of December 31, 2023, are described in greater detail under Potential Payments Upon Termination or a Change in Control below. 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2023 FISCAL YEAR-END 
 The following table reflects information regarding outstanding equity-based awards held by our NEOs as of December 31, 2023. As discussed above in the CD A, as a result of the Final Wages Order entered by the Bankruptcy Court, the vesting of all outstanding equity awards is suspended for Restricted NEOs . Therefore, all awards with a vesting date following the effective date of the Final Wages Order encompassed in the table below may never vest or be settled. 
 Stock Awards 
 Name Number of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (1) 
 Market Value of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares That Have Not Vested (3)(4) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market Value of Unearned Units That Have Not Vested (2) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 298,622 297,428 Thomas Meth 
 52,335 52,126 21,100 21,016 Mark A. Coscio 
 70,819 70,536 5,841 5,818 Jason E. Paral 
 65,745 65,482 5,609 5,587 John-Paul D. Taylor 
 94,043 93,667 7,443 7,413 John K. Keppler 
 Shai S. Even (5) 
 48,771 48,576 ________________ 
 (1) The amounts in this column reflect outstanding time-based restricted stock unit awards and performance-based restricted stock units for which the performance period was completed as of December 31, 2023 but which were subject to certification by the Compensation Committee of the performance criteria and, therefore, are treated as outstanding, each of which vest as set forth in the table within footnote 4 below, so long as the applicable NEO remains continuously employed by us or one of our affiliates from the grant date through each vesting date. See the section below titled Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control for a description of potential acceleration and forfeiture provisions. 
 (2) The amounts reflected in this column represent the market value of the common stock underlying the restricted stock unit awards granted to the NEOs as set forth in the preceding column, computed based on the closing price of our common stock on December 29, 2023, which was 0.9960 per share. 
 (3) The amounts in this column reflect the threshold number of stock issuable upon settlement of outstanding performance-based awards granted in 2021, 2022, and 2023, which vest based on the achievement of performance metrics with respect to the three- or four-year period applicable to that award, so long as the applicable NEO remains continuously employed by us or one of our affiliates from the grant date through the end of each performance period. Performance-based restricted stock units that had a performance period ending on December 31, 2023, are not reflected in this column because performance achievement was tracked at 0 of target. See the section below titled Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control for a description of potential acceleration and forfeiture provisions. 
 (4) The following sub-table reflects the regularly scheduled vesting date for each award that is disclosed as outstanding within the main table above: 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Name Vesting Date or Last Date of Performance Period Number of Time-based Restricted Stock Units to Vest 
 Number of Performance-based Restricted Stock Units to Vest 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 September 19, 2024 
 149,311 September 19, 2025 149,311 Thomas Meth January 29, 2024 10,135 December 31, 2024 4,396 January 27, 2025 8,792 December 31, 2025 4,336 February 1, 2026 8,672 January 31, 2027 24,736 December 31, 2026 12,368 Mark A. Coscio 
 January 31, 2027 11,681 March 6, 2024 2,572 November 2, 2025 8,903 November 2, 2026 8,903 August 2, 2025 19,380 August 2, 2026 19,380 December 31, 2026 5,841 Jason E. Paral 
 January 29, 2024 2,567 January 31, 2027 6,184 December 31, 2024 1,345 January 27, 2025 2,689 March 6, 2024 5,587 August 2, 2025 19,380 August 2, 2026 19,380 October 18, 2025 7,613 December 31, 2025 1,172 February 1, 2026 2,345 December 31, 2026 3,092 John-Paul D. Taylor 
 January 29, 2024 5,018 January 31, 2027 8,245 March 6, 2024 8,226 December 31, 2024 1,972 January 27, 2025 3,943 August 2, 2025 27,132 August 2, 2026 27,132 December 31, 2025 1,349 February 1, 2026 2,698 August 3, 2026 11,649 December 31, 2026 4,122 Shai S. Even 
 August 29, 2024 11,998 August 29, 2024 8,499 August 29, 2024 13,467 January 29, 2024 14,807 
 ________________ 
 (5) We entered into a Separation and General Release Agreement with Mr. Even upon his termination of employment. In exchange for Mr. Even agreeing to certain restrictive covenants, we accelerated the vesting of Mr. Even s outstanding restricted stock unit awards. According to the terms of his outstanding award agreements, Mr. Even forfeited all outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards. Therefore, Mr. Even did not have any outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2023. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 STOCK VESTED IN 2023 
 The following table provides information on the vesting of restricted stock units held by the NEOs in 2023. None of the NEOs held stock options in 2023. The value realized from the vesting of restricted stock unit awards is equal to the closing price of our common stock on the vesting date or the performance certification date for performance awards, as applicable, multiplied by the number of shares acquired. The value is calculated before payment of any applicable withholding or other income taxes. 
 Name 
 Number of Units Acquired Upon Vesting 
 Value Realized Upon Vesting 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Thomas Meth 
 40,167 1,750,783 Mark A. Coscio 
 Jason E. Paral 
 7,342 332,248 John-Paul D. Taylor 
 14,351 649,427 John K. Keppler 
 346,999 16,307,379 Shai S. Even 
 51,707 2,283,905 
 PENSION BENEFITS AND NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION 
 We have not maintained, and do not currently maintain, a defined benefit pension plan or a nonqualified deferred compensation plan providing for retirement benefits. 
 POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION AND CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 The following narrative and tabular disclosures are intended to provide a summary of the potential payments each NEO would be eligible to receive upon a termination of employment, including in connection with a change in control. However, as a result of the Final Wages Order entered by the Bankruptcy Court, Restricted NEOs are no longer eligible to receive any of the severance or change in control benefits described in this section. 
 Each of our NEOs still employed at the end of the 2023 calendar year was party to an employment agreement with our wholly owned subsidiary, Enviva Management Company, that provides for severance compensation or accelerated vesting of equity awards in the event of certain terminations of employment, including in connection with a change in control. None of the employment agreements contain any tax reimbursement provisions in the event an NEO receives potential parachute payments under Section 280G of the Code. The outstanding equity awards held by each of the NEOs also contain certain severance and change in control benefits, but as of December 31, 2023, the treatment in the employment agreements and the outstanding equity awards are the same; as a result, there is not a separate description for equity award agreement provisions. 
 As previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2023, Mr. Even ceased serving as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective August 29, 2023. In connection with Mr. Even s departure, we entered into a Separation and General Release Agreement with Mr. Even pursuant to which he agreed to certain restrictive covenants and non-disparagement provisions and in exchange received (i) a cash separation payment of 245,000, less applicable taxes and withholding paid in twelve equal installments, (ii) vesting of certain outstanding unvested time-based restricted stock units, with a value of 681,714.28, and (iii) reimbursement of the cost of continued health coverage under the Company s existing health plan under COBRA for a period of up to 12 months, so long as eligible. 
 As previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2023, Mr. Keppler ceased serving as Executive Chairman of the Board and as an executive officer of the Company effective September 19, 2023. Mr. Keppler did not receive any additional separation payments in connection with his separation as Executive Chairman of the Board and as an executive officer of the Company. 
 Employment Agreements 
 The employment agreements for the NEOs generally provide that if the NEO s employment is terminated (A) as a result of a non-renewal of the employment agreement, (B) (x) by Enviva Management Company with or without Cause (as defined in the applicable employment agreement), or (y) by mutual agreement of the parties, or (C) due to death or Disability (as defined in the applicable employment agreement), the NEO shall be entitled to (i) all earned, but unpaid base 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 salary, (ii) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses which the NEO is entitled to receive, and (iii) benefits to which the NEO was entitled to pursuant to the terms of any applicable Company benefit plan or policy. In addition, upon termination of the NEO s employment (A) without Cause or for Good Reason (as defined in the applicable employment agreement) or (B) due to the NEO s death or Disability, in each case subject to the NEO executing a satisfactory release within the time period specified in such NEO s employment agreement, the NEO will be entitled to receive the following severance payments and benefits: 
 an amount equal to a multiple (the severance multiplier of: (i) the NEO s base salary in effect on the termination date, plus (ii) the NEO s target annual bonus as of the termination date. The severance multiplier is 1.5 for Messrs. Nunziata and Meth and 1.0 for Messrs. Coscio, Paral, and Taylor . The severance multiplier is increased to 2.0 for Messrs. Nunziata and Meth and 1.5 for Messrs. Coscio, Paral, and Taylor if such terminations occur within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined if the applicable employment agreement) (a Change in Control Termination 
 full vesting of all outstanding awards granted pursuant to the LTIP prior to the termination date, which vesting for awards that include a performance requirement (other than continued service) will be based on: (i) actual performance if such termination occurs within the six-month period preceding the expiration of the performa nce period, or (ii) target performance if such termination occurs at any other time during the performance period; provided, however, that in the case of Mr. Nunziata, if the termination of employment had occurred prior to August 28, 2024, then he would have received partial vesting of all outstanding awards pursuant to the LTIP prior to the termination date; 
 for Messrs. Nunziata, Meth, and Paral, a pro-rated bonus with respect to the year in which the termination of employment occurs based on target performance with respect to any individual performance metrics and actual performance with respect to any non-individual performance metrics; and 
 reimbursement for continued medical coverage of applicable group health plans. The reimbursement coverage is 12 months for Messrs. Taylor, Coscio, and Paral and 18 months for Messrs. Nunziata and Meth. The reimbursement coverage is increased to 24 months for Mr. Nunziata and 18 months for Messrs. Coscio, Paral, and Taylor upon a Change in Control Termination. 
 Release Obligations and Restrictive Covenants 
 Payments and benefits under the employment agreements are conditioned on the execution of a general release of claims by the NEO in favor of us. The employment agreements also contain certain restrictive covenants pursuant to which our NEOs have recognized an obligation to comply with, among other things, certain confidentiality covenants as well as covenants not to compete in a defined market area with us or solicit our employees during the term of the agreement and for a period of one year thereafter. 
 Quantification of Benefits 
 The following table summarizes the compensation and other benefits that would have become payable to each NEO assuming his employment terminated on December 31, 2023, given the NEO s base salary as of that date, and, if applicable, the closing price of our common stock on December 29, 2023, the last trading day of 2023, which was 0.9960. The payments and benefits provided to Messrs. Even and Keppler, upon their separation from service with the Company prior to the end of the 2023 year, have been described above. The target annual bonus for 2023 was the amount set forth in each NEO s employment agreement in effect on December 31, 2023. In addition, the following table summarizes the compensation that would become payable to Messrs. Nunziata, Meth, Coscio, Paral, and Taylor, assuming a Change in Control Termination occurred on December 31, 2023. Each of the values below reflects our best estimate of the amounts and benefits that could be payable upon a termination scenario as of December 31, 2023, but absent a contrary order of the Bankruptcy Court, the Final Wages Order would prevent the severance and/or change in control benefits noted below from being paid to a Restricted NEO. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Benefits and Payments 
 Change in Control Termination 
 ) 
 Termination Without Cause for Good Reason or Death or Disability 
 ) 
 Glenn T. Nunziata Cash Severance 4,250,000 3,187,500 Bonus 
 1,275,000 1,275,000 Accelerated Equity Awards 
 148,714 148,714 Health Benefits 
 46,539 34,904 Total 
 5,720,253 4,646,118 Thomas Meth Cash Severance 
 3,750,000 2,812,500 Bonus 
 1,125,000 1,125,000 Accelerated Equity Awards 
 94,157 94,157 Health Benefits 
 34,904 34,904 Total 
 5,004,061 4,066,561 Mark A. Coscio Cash Severance 
 1,275,000 850,000 Accelerated Equity Awards 
 82,170 82,170 Health Benefits 
 15,076 22,614 Total 
 1,372,246 954,784 Jason E. Paral Cash Severance 
 1,275,000 850,000 Bonus 
 425,000 425,000 Accelerated Equity Awards 
 76,655 76,655 Health Benefits 
 23,270 34,905 1,799,925 1,386,560 John-Paul D. Taylor Cash Severance 1,125,000 750,000 Accelerated Equity Awards 
 108,493 108,493 Health Benefits 
 42,244 28,163 1,275,737 886,656 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the members of our Board, other than Messrs. Nunziata and Meth, received compensation for their services on our Board and committees thereof consisting of the items below: 
 an annual retainer of 131,250, 
 an additional annual retainer of 150,000 for services as the lead independent director, 
 an additional annual retainer of 21,000 for services as the chair of the audit committee, 
 an additional annual retainer of 18,375 for service as the chair of the compensation committee, 
 an additional annual retainer of 15,750 for service as the chair of the health, safety, sustainability and environmental committee (the HSSE committee and of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2023, members of our Board, other than Mr. Keppler and certain directors who are also officers or employees of Riverstone Holdings LLC or its affiliates (excluding the Company and its subsidiaries) (the Riverstone Directors ), received an annual grant under the LTIP with a grant date fair value of approximately 157,500 (or 293,938 in the case of Mr. Alexander). 
 Upon Mr. Keppler s appointment as Executive Director and effective as of April 1, 2023, Mr. Alexander transitioned from his position as Interim Chairman of the Board to the newly created role of Lead Independent Director. In 2023, in consultation with the Compensation Consultant, the Compensation Committee approved an annual retainer of 150,000 for the position of Lead Independent Director. Mr. Alexander received a pro-rata portion of the annual retainer during 2023 based on his appointment into the role on April 1, 2023. Upon Mr. Keppler s resignation on September 19,2023, Mr. Alexander again was appointed as Interim Chairman of the Board. Upon the recommendation of the Compensation Consultant and in recognition of Mr. Alexander s leadership services during these leadership transitions, the Compensation Committee approved an increased cash retainer of 34,250 for his Board services during 2023. 
 With respect to the 2023 annual retainer fees, we provided each director with the election to receive their quarterly fees in cash or in the form of common stock. Each of Messrs. Bumgarner, Davidson, Derryberry, Lansing, Ubben and Zlotnicka determined to receive all or a portion of their quarterly fees in the form of common stock, while the remaining directors continued to receive the retainer fully in the form of cash. Each director is reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings and each director will be fully indemnified by us for actions associated with serving as a director to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. 
 Compensation of the Riverstone Directors for their service as directors was paid directly to Riverstone/Carlyle Management LP until October, 2023, and thereafter to Riverstone Echo GP LLC. With respect to Mr. Ubben and Ms. Zlotnicka, their cash compensation is paid directly to Inclusive Capital Partners, L.P. 
 In connection with our filing of the Petitions, there have been certain modifications to our director compensation program for the calendar year beginning January 1, 2024. In addition to incremental retainer modifications, directors will no longer receive annual equity-based awards. In lieu of equity, directors will receive additional cash included in their base retainer. Such additional amount is equivalent to 85 of the value of the annual equity award received in the calendar year ending on December 31, 2023. 
 The following table provides information concerning the compensation of our directors, other than Messrs. Keppler, Meth, and Nunziata (whose compensation has been reported within the Summary Compensation Table), for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, regardless of whether they were serving on our Board as of December 31, 2023: 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) (1) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) (2) 
 Total 
 ) 
 Ralph Alexander 
 293,750 293,938 587,688 John C. Bumgarner, Jr. 
 149,625 157,498 307,123 Martin N. Davidson 
 131,250 157,498 288,748 Jim H. Derryberry (3) 
 131,250 157,498 288,748 Gerrit Gerrity L. Lansing, Jr. 
 131,250 157,498 288,748 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. (3) 
 131,250 131,250 David M. Leuschen (3) 
 131,250 131,250 Jeffrey W. Ubben (4) 
 131,250 157,498 288,748 Gary L. Whitlock 
 131,250 157,498 288,748 Janet S. Wong 
 152,250 157,498 309,748 Eva T. Zlotnicka (4) 
 147,000 157,498 304,498 
 (1) As noted above, certain directors elected to receive all or a portion of their annual retainer fees in the form of common stock rather than cash, but the amounts are still reflected in this cash-based column due to the fact that they were still deemed to be a payment for annual fees. 
 (2) Amounts included in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units (which include tandem DERs) granted to the independent directors, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, disregarding the estimate of forfeitures, in each case pursuant to the LTIP. See Note 18, Equity-Based Awards , for additional detail regarding assumptions underlying the value of these equity awards. The grant date fair value for time-based restricted stock unit awards issued in 2023 is based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, which was 45.48 per unit for awards granted on January 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, Messrs. Bumgarner, Davidson, Derryberry, Lansing, Ubben, and Whitlock, and Mses. Wong and Zlotnicka each held 3,463 unvested restricted stock units (or 6,463 in the case of Mr. Alexander). Our non-management directors who are not independent directors do not receive LTIP awards; therefore, they did not hold outstanding awards as of December 31, 2023. Amounts in this column also reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of common stock granted to the independent directors. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Compensation of the Riverstone Directors (and Mr. Derryberry for a portion of the year) for their service on the Board was paid directly to Riverstone/Carlyle Management LP until October 2023, and thereafter to Riverstone Echo GP LLC. 
 (4) Mr. Ubben s and Ms. Zlotnicka s cash compensation was paid directly to Inclusive Capital Partners, L.P., although each received such director s LTIP grant, or common stock elected in lieu of cash directly. Mr. Ubben r esigned from the Board on November 28, 2023. In connection with Mr. Ubben s resignation he forfeited all time-based restricted stock unit awards issued to him in 2023. 
 Pay Ratio 
 As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship between the annual total compensation of our employees and the annual total compensation of Mr. Nunziata, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. As both Mr. Nunziata and Mr. Meth served in the role of Chief Executive Officer, we have elected to utilize the compensation of Mr. Nunziata as permitted in accordance with Instruction 10 to Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. 
 For 2023, our last completed fiscal year: 
 The median of the annual total compensation of all employees of our Company (other than Mr. Nunziata) was 61,218; and 
 The annual total compensation of Mr. Nunziata, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table included above, was 2,213,456. 
 Based on this information, for 2023 the ratio of the annual total compensation of Mr. Nunziata to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees was reasonably estimated to be 36 to 1. 
 To identity the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees, as well as to determine the annual total compensation of our median employee and our CEO, we took the following steps: 
 We determined that, as of December 31, 2023, our employee population consisted of approximately 1,390 individuals with all of these individuals located in the United States. This population consisted of our full-time, part-time, and temporary employees. 
 We used a consistently applied compensation measure to identify our median employee by comparing the Total Gross Earnings as reflected in our payroll records for 2023, which included, amount of salary or wages, bonuses, compensation received from equity award vesting and distributions (DERs), value of life insurance premiums and gym memberships. 
 We identified our median employee by consistently applying this compensation measure to all of our employees included in our analysis. Since all of our employees, including our CEO, are located in the United States, we did not make any cost-of-living adjustments in identifying the median employee. 
 With respect to the annual total compensation of Mr. Nunziata, we used the amount reported in the Total column of our 2023 Summary Compensation Table above. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2023: Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (a)(#) (1) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (b)( (2) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) 
 (c)(#) (3) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,043,327 n/a 
 0 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 2,043,327 n/a 
 0 
 (1) The amount in column (a) of this table reflects (i) the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon settlement of outstanding time-based restricted stock units and (ii) the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon settlement of outstanding performance-based restricted stock units assuming a 100 performance factor pursuant to the LTIP as of December 31, 2023. The actual number of shares of common stock that may be issued in settlement of outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards is based on a factor of between 0 and 200 . 
 (2) This column is not applicable because only restricted stock units have been granted under the LTIP and restricted stock units do not have an exercise price. 
 (3) The amount in this column reflects the total number of shares of common stock remaining available for future issuance under the LTIP as of December 31, 2023. For additional information about the LTIP and the awards granted thereunder, please read Part III, Item 11, Executive Compensation. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock as of June 30, 2024 held by: 
 each director and NEO; 
 all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and 
 each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our standing shares of Common Stock. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares over which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power. Shares of Common Stock issuable under options or warrants that are exercisable within 60 days after September, 2024 are deemed beneficially owned and such shares are used in computing the percentage ownership of the person holding the options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The information contained in the following table is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose, and the inclusion of any shares in the table does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. 
 Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, and subject to applicable community property laws, all persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to their shares of common stock, except to the extent authority is shared by spouses under community property laws. 
 Our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 74,864,651 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of September 23, 2024 . 
 Unless otherwise noted, the address for each beneficial owner listed below is 7272 Wisconsin Ave., Suite 1800, Bethesda, MD 20814. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock (1) 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Greater than 5 Owner Investment Funds Affiliated with Riverstone Holdings, LLC (2) 
 32,416,420 43.38 Directors and Named Executive Officers Ralph Alexander (3) 
 29,149 John C. Bumgarner, Jr. (4) 
 651,423 Mark A. Coscio 
 11,559 Martin N. Davidson 13,186 Jim H. Derryberry 17,246 John K. Keppler 366,912 Gerrit L. Lansing, Jr. 30,074 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. (2) 
 32,416,420 43.38 David M. Leuschen (2) 
 32,416,420 43.38 Thomas Meth 479,566 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 298,622 Jason E. Paral 
 10,562 John-Paul D. Taylor 70,174 Gary L. Whitlock 93,979 Janet S. Wong 38,485 Eva T. Zlotnicka 3,463 All directors and executive officers as a group (16 persons) 34,530,820 46.23 ________________ 
 Less than 1 of Common Stock outstanding. 
 (1) This column does not include restricted stock unit awards granted to our directors and officers pursuant to the LTIP to the extent such individuals are not entitled to acquire the shares of Common Stock underlying such awards within sixty (60) days as of the date hereof. 
 (2) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on June 20, 2023 by Riverstone Echo Rollover Holdings, L.P. Echo Rollover Holdings ). Riverstone Echo Continuation Holdings, L.P. Echo Continuation Holdings is the record holder of 15,702,916 shares of Common Stock. Echo Rollover Holdings is the record holder of 2,830,110 shares of Common Stock. Riverstone Echo PF Holdings, L.P. is the record holder of 13,883,394 shares of Common Stock. David M. Leuschen and Pierre F. Lapeyre Jr. are the managing directors of Riverstone Management Group, L.L.C. Riverstone Management ), and have or share voting and investment discretion with respect to the securities beneficially owned by Riverstone Management, which is the general partner of Riverstone/Gower Mgmt Co Holdings, L.P., which is the sole member of Riverstone Holdings LLC, which is the sole member of Riverstone Echo GP, LLC, which is the general partner of Riverstone Echo Partners, L.P., which is the sole member of each of Riverstone ECF GP, LLC ECF GP and Riverstone Echo Rollover GP, LLC Echo Rollover GP ). ECF GP is the general partner of Echo Continuation Holdings. Echo Rollover GP is the general partner of Echo Rollover Holdings. Riverstone Enviva Holdings is managed by its members, Echo Continuation Holdings, and Echo Rollover Holdings. The address for each of the Investment Funds affiliated with Riverstone Holdings, LLC is 712 Fifth Avenue, 36th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 (3) Of these 29,149 shares of Common Stock, 2,651 are held by the RA Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust. Mr. Alexander has investment control over these shares. 
 (4) Of these 651,423 shares of Common Stock, 165,928 are held by the Bumgarner Family Trust and 53,036 are held by 21 st Century, LLC. Mr. Bumgarner has investment control over these shares. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 In addition to the director and executive compensation arrangements discussed above, this section describes transactions since January 1, 2023, to which we have been or will be a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our voting stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Agreements with Affiliates 
 Payments to Riverstone for Affiliated Director Services 
 We paid Riverstone/Carlyle Management LP and Riverstone Echo GP LLC compensation for the services of certain officers or employees of Riverstone or its affiliates who serve as directors on our Board. During the year ended December 31, 2023, total compensation related to such expense was 0.1 million to Riverstone/Carlyle Management LP and 0.1 million to Riverstone Echo GP LLC. 
 Payments to In-Cap for Affiliated Director Services 
 We pay In-Cap compensation for the services of the officers or employees of In-Cap or its affiliates who served as directors on our Board. During the year ended December 31, 2023, total compensation related to such expense was insignificant. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 In connection with Enviva Partners, LP s acquisition of Enviva Holdings, LP (our former sponsor and Enviva Partners GP, LLC (our former General Partner and the cancellation and elimination of the incentive distribution rights held by our former sponsor in exchange for 16.0 million common units, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor (collectively, the Simplification Transaction ), the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Simplification Registration Rights Agreement on October 14, 2021 with certain initial holders of shares of Common Stock, including certain funds affiliated with Riverstone and certain of our officers and directors pursuant to which, among other things and subject to certain restrictions, the Company agreed to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 registering for resale certain securities received by such Holdings Limited Partners in connection with the Simplification Transaction. The Simplification Registration Rights Agreement also provides the Holdings Limited Partners with customary demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 Support Agreement 
 In connection with the Simplification Transaction on October 14, 2021, the Company entered into a support agreement (the Support Agreement by and among the Company, the Holdings Limited Partners party thereto, and certain other persons thereto pursuant to which, among other things, (a) certain of our former sponsor s (or its subsidiaries obligations to provide financial support to us were consolidated, fixed, and novated into fixed payment amounts to be paid solely out of dividends on certain shares of Common Stock held by certain Holdings Limited Partners, (b) each Holdings Limited Partner party thereto agreed to reinvest all regular quarterly dividends in respect of a portion of the Common Stock issued to such Holdings Limited Partner in the Simplification Transaction, for each calendar quarter from the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2021, through and including the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2024, and (c) each Holdings Limited Partner party thereto made certain voting commitments in connection with the Company s conversion to a Delaware corporation (the Conversion and agreed not to transfer any common units held by such partner until the completion of the unit holder vote regarding the Conversion or the Company s determination to abandon or terminate the Conversion. 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 In connection with the Simplification Transaction, the Company entered into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement with Riverstone Echo Continuation Holdings, L.P., Riverstone Echo Rollover Holdings, L.P., and their respective affiliates (collectively, the Riverstone Stockholders ). The Stockholders Agreement provided for the composition of the Company s initial post-Conversion Board. In addition, for so long as the Riverstone Stockholders hold at least 30 of the Company s Common Stock, the Company agreed that it would not, without the approval of the Riverstone Stockholders, undertake certain specified actions set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. 
 Subscription Agreements 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into the Subscription Agreements with the Investors to sell Preferred Shares, having the terms set forth in the Company s Certificate of Designations for Preferred Shares, in a private placement for gross proceeds of 249.1 million. The Investors include direct or indirect subsidiaries of Riverstone, In-Cap, among other others. Certain directors and officers of the Company also are Investors, including Ralph Alexander, John C. Bumgarner, Jr., Gary L. Whitlock, Thomas Meth, and John K. Keppler. 
 On June 15, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved the issuance of 6,605,671 shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of all of the outstanding Preferred Shares. Accordingly, each Preferred Share was converted into one share of Common Stock and the Preferred Shares were cancelled. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 PIPE Registration Rights Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the PIPE Registration Rights Agreement as of March 20, 2023 with the Investors pursuant to which, among other things and subject to certain restrictions, the Company agreed to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 registering for resale the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares. The PIPE Registration Rights Agreement also provides the Investors with customary demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 DIP Syndication Agreements 
 On March 15, 2024, the Debtors entered into the DIP Credit Agreement and on March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court granted the Interim DIP Order. Following the issuance of the Interim DIP Order, the Company offered certain eligible holders of the Company s Common Stock the opportunity to subscribe to participate in the syndication of up to 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of DIP Financing (the Syndication pursuant to certain procedures (the Syndication Procedures ). On May 3, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered the Final DIP Order approving the DIP Facility and the Syndication. As authorized by the Final DIP Order, participants in the Syndication became Lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement as of May 6, 2024. Participants in the Syndication include affiliates of John C. Bumgarner, Jr. and Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr., each of whom is a current director of the Company. Such affiliates became Lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement on May 6, 2024. 
 William H. Schmidt Jr. Employment Agreement 
 On January 17, 2023, William H. Schmidt, Jr. stepped down from his position as Executive Vice President, Corporate Development, and General Counsel and was appointed to the position of Senior Advisor. In connection with this change, the Company approved the following amendments to Mr. Schmidt s employment agreement (the Revised Agreement ), effective May 1, 2023: (i) a base salary of 100,000, (ii) additional compensation of up to 12,500 per week, determined based on the number of hours worked per week in excess of an agreed upon threshold, payable in the Company s discretion in cash, fully vested shares of common stock, or a combination thereof, and (iii) reimbursement for reasonable business-related expenses, subject to the Company s business expense reimbursement policy. The Revised Agreement remained in effect until May 1, 2024 and shall thereafter renew on a month-to-month basis until terminated by either party. The Revised Agreement replaces and supersedes the Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, executed on June 4, 2022 (the Prior Agreement ). Coincident with the effective date of the Revised Agreement, as a result of Mr. Schmidt s transition to Senior Advisor, Mr. Schmidt will also receive the following severance payments payable in 24 monthly installments: (i) 525,000, Mr. Schmidt s base salary under the Prior Agreement, (ii) 656,250, Mr. Schmidt s target annual bonus under the Prior Agreement, (iii) 218,750, a pro-rated target annual bonus for 2023, (iv) reimbursement for benefit continuation payments under the Company s group health plans equal to the amount Mr. Schmidt pays to effect and continue such coverage for up to 18 months following the effective date of the Revised Agreement, and (v) vesting of all outstanding equity awards under the Company s long-term incentive plan which, for purposes of any awards subject to performance-based criteria, will be determined based on target performance. 
 Procedures for Review, Approval, and Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 
 Our Board has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, pursuant to which certain conflicts or potential conflicts of interest that may arise between Enviva, on the one hand, and any director, officer, or employee of Enviva (each, a Covered Person ), on the other, must be brought to the attention of the Board if the Covered Person has (i) a direct interest in any such conflict where the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or (ii) a material indirect interest in any such conflict. The resolution of any such conflict or potential conflict should, at the discretion of the Board in light of the circumstances, be determined by a majority of the disinterested directors. 
 Under the provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, any executive officer must avoid conflicts of interest unless approved by our Board. 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Fees and Services 
 The following table sets forth a summary of the aggregate fees billed to the Company for the audit and other services rendered by Ernst Young LLP EY ), our independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Audit fees (1) 
 4,875 4,099 Audit related fees (2) 
 760 Tax fees (3) 
 All other fees (4) 
 5 Total 4,875 4,864 
 (1) Fees for financial statement audit and review services customary under generally accepted auditing standards or for the purpose of rendering an opinion or review on the financial statements related to the fiscal year then ended. 
 (2) Fees for assurance and related services traditionally performed by independent accountants, including internal control reviews, due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, accounting consultations, and audits in connection with acquisitions, audits in which we engaged related to an acquisition, and to a less-than-wholly owned subsidiary, and work performed in connection with a registration statement or issuance of a comfort letter. 
 (3) Fees and related expenses billed for permitted tax services, including tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning and preparation. 
 (4) Fees for use of the EY global accounting and financial reporting research tool. 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Certain documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report and are incorporated by reference and found on the pages below. 
 1. Financial Statements Please read Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Financial Statements. 
 2. Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. All other schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable, not required or the information called for therein appears in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S K set forth below are incorporated herein by reference. 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands) 

 ) 2022 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 2021 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 146 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, Enviva Holdings LP, EVA Partners Merger Sub, LLC and the other parties named therein (Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Cottondale Acquisition I, LLC, Enviva Partners, LP, Enviva, Inc. Merger Sub, LLC, Riverstone Echo Continuation Holdings, L.P. and Riverstone Echo Rollover Holdings, L.P. (Exhibit 2.2, Form 8-K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 3.2 Bylaws of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed November 8, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2019, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, Enviva Partners Finance Corp., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2019, File No. 001-37363) 
 4.2 Form of 6.500 2026 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.3 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, the Holdings Limited Partners party thereto and the other parties thereto (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8 K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001 37363) 
 4.5 Stockholders Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, Riverstone Echo Continuation Holdings, L.P. and Riverstone Echo Rollover Holdings, L.P. (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8 K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001 37363) 
 4.6 
 Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, dated March 20, 2023 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed March 24. 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 4.7 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 20, 2023 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 24. 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.1 Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed July 5, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.2 Tenth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2023, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank, PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.3 
 Eleventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.4 
 Twelfth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-K filed March 1, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.5 
 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, by and among The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Enviva Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed July 19, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.6 
 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2022, by and among the Mississippi Business Finance Corporation, Enviva Inc., and certain subsidiaries of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed November 22, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.7 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and between Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC and Enviva, LP dated April 2, 2019 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2019, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.8 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and between Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC and Enviva, LP, dated May 23, 2022 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 10-K filed March 1, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.9 
 Support Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, the persons set forth on Schedule I attached thereto, and the other parties named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.10 
 Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2024, by and among Enviva Inc., certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders party thereto, and certain investment funds and entities affiliated with Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed March 13, 2024, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.11 
 Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2024, by and among Enviva Inc., certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders party thereto, and certain investment funds and entities affiliated with Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed March 13, 2024, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.12 
 Amendment to Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2024, by and among Enviva Inc., certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders party thereto, and certain investment funds and entities affiliated with Enviva Inc. 
 10.13 
 Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2024, by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto, Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agent and Acquiom, as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed March 15, 2024, File No. 001-37363) 
 
 147 

Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.14 
 Amendment to Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2024, by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto, Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agent and Acquiom, as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 10.15 
 Amendment NO. 2 to Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2024, by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto, Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agent and Acquiom, as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 10.16 
 Amendment NO. 3 to Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2024, by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto, Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agent and Acquiom, as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 10.17 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Shai S. Even, dated December 1, 2021 (Exhibit 10.26, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.18 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Edward Royal Smith, dated December 1, 2021 (Exhibit 10.27, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.19 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Thomas Meth, dated November 14, 2022 (Exhibit No. 10.16, Form 10-K filed March 1, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.20 
 Separation and General Release Agreement, effective as of August 29, 2023, among Enviva Inc., Enviva Management Company, LLC, and Shai S. Even (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed August 30, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.21 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 9 , 2023, between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Glenn T. Nunziata 
 10.22 
 Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2022, between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Yana Kravtsova 
 10.23 
 Indemnification Agreement between Enviva Inc. and Glenn T. Nunziata, dated as of August 28, 2023 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K filed August 30, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.24 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 8 , 2023, by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Thomas Meth 
 10.25 
 Incentive Bonus Agreement, dated November 30, 2023, by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Thomas Meth 
 10.26 
 Enviva Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K, filed December 31, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.27 
 Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective as of December 31, 2021 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 3, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.28 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Employee) (Exhibit 10.33, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.29 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Director) (Exhibit 10.34, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.30 
 Form of Stock Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Exhibit 10.35, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.31 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Exhibit 10.36, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.32 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K, filed December 31, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.33 Stock Grant and Agreement Form (Exhibit 10.6, Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2023, File No. 000-37363) 
 10.34 
 Form of Cash Retention Award Grant Notice and Agreement 
 10.35 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of Novem ber 9 , 2023 , between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Jason Paral 
 10.36 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2022 between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Mark Coscio 
 10.37 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, between Enviva Management Company, LLC and John-Paul Taylor 
 10.38 
 Backstop Commitment Agreement, dated as of August 30 , 2024, by and among Enviva Inc., cert ain of its subsidiaries, and certain other parties th ereto (Exhibit 10.1 For m 8-K filed September 3, 202 4 , File No. 001-37363) 
 10.39 
 Exit Facility Commitment Letter, dated as of August 30, 2024, by and among Enviva Inc., certain of its subsidiaries, and certain other parties thereto (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed September 3, 2024, File No. 001-37363) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Enviva Inc. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10 K) 
 31.1 Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 97.1 
 Enviva Inc. Policy on Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and Clawback of Compensation Related to Misconduct, adopted as of November 1, 2023 
 
 148 

Exhibit Number Exhibit 99.1 
 Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Enviva Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates (Exhibit 99.1, Form 8-K filed September 3, 2024, File No. 001-37363) 
 99.2 
 Disclosure Statement for the Joint Chapter 11 Plan or Reorganization of Enviva Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates (Exhibit 99.2, Form 8-K filed September 3, 2024, File No. 001-37363) 
 101 The following financial information from Enviva Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ____________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement. 
 149 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 
 ENVIVA INC. Date: October 3, 2024 By: /s/ Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 150 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jason E. Paral as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 151 

Name Title Date /s/ GLENN T. NUNZIATA 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 October 3, 2024 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) /s/ RALPH ALEXANDER 
 Director October 3, 2024 Ralph Alexander /s/ JOHN C. BUMGARNER, JR 
 Director October 3, 2024 John C. Bumgarner, Jr. /s/ MARTIN N. DAVIDSON 
 Director October 3, 2024 Martin N. Davidson /s/ JIM H. DERRYBERRY 
 Director October 3, 2024 Jim H. Derryberry /s/ JOHN K. KEPPLER 
 Director October 3, 2024 John K. Keppler 
 /s/ GERRIT L. LANSING, JR. 
 Director October 3, 2024 Gerrit L. Lansing, Jr. /s/ PIERRE F. LAPEYRE, JR. 
 Director October 3, 2024 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. /s/ DAVID M. LEUSCHEN 
 Director October 3, 2024 David M. Leuschen /s/ THOMAS METH 
 Director October 3, 2024 Thomas Meth /s/ GARY L. WHITLOCK 
 Director October 3, 2024 Gary L. Whitlock /s/ JANET S. WONG 
 Director October 3, 2024 Janet S. Wong /s/ EVA T. ZLOTNICKA 
 Director October 3, 2024 Eva T. Zlotnicka 
 152 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 exhibit1012enviva-amendmen.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.12 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDMENT TO RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT, dated June 10, 2024 (this Amendment ), in respect of the Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2024 (the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement and as amended by this Amendment, and including all exhibits, annexes and schedules hereto and thereto in accordance with Section 2 thereof, the Restructuring Support Agreement 1 , is made and entered into by (i) the Debtors and (ii) each undersigned Restructuring Support Party that has executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Amendment, collectively constituting the Majority Consenting 2026 Noteholders. 
 
 The foregoing parties are referred to collectively in this Amendment as the Amendment Parties 
 and each individually as an Amendment Party . 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to this Amendment, the Amendment Parties desire that the Existing 
 Restructuring Support Agreement be amended to effectuate certain limited modifications 
 
 WHEREAS , Section 20(a) of the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement provides that the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement may be modified, amended, or supplemented in accordance with its terms and subject to the consent rights set forth therein and 
 
 WHEREAS , each of the Amendment Parties hereby consents to the terms of this 
 Amendment. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the promises, mutual covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Amendment Party, intending to be legally bound, hereby agrees as follows 
 
 AMENDMENT 
 
 1. Amendment to Restructuring Support Agreement . The Amendment Parties agree that, subject to the terms hereof, the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement shall be deemed amended on the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), as follows 
 
 (a) Clause (v) of the introductory paragraph of the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety with the following text (with stricken text indicating a deletion from, and the double-underlined text indicating an addition to, the clause (v) text set forth in the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement) 
 
 the undersigned holders or beneficial holders, investment advisors, sub-advisors, or managers of funds and or accounts that are holders or beneficial holders, of Exempt 

1 
 
 1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement. 

Facilities Revenue Bonds, (Enviva Inc.), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Bond Green Bonds , and, the claims against the Debtors on account of the Bond Green Bonds, the Bond Green Bonds Claims and, the Bond Green Bonds Claims together with the Epes Green Bonds Claims, the Green Bonds Claims 2 and, the Green Bonds Claims together with the 2026 Notes Claims and , the Senior Secured Credit Facility Claims and any other claim (as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code) against, or equity security (as defined in section 101(16) of the Bankruptcy Code) or other equity interest in, a Debtor , the Company Claims Interests issued by Mississippi Business Finance Corporation (the Bond Green Bonds Issuer pursuant to that certain Indenture of Trust , dated as of November 1, 2022, between Bond Green Bonds Issuer and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as trustee (the Bond Green Bonds Trustee (such holders, together with their respective successors and permitted assigns and any subsequent holder of Bond Green Bonds that may become in accordance with Section 12 and or Section 13 hereof signatory hereto, collectively, the Consenting Bond Green Bondholders , and collectively with the Consenting Epes Green Bondholders, the Consenting Green Bondholders and, together with the Consenting 2026 Noteholders and the Consenting Senior Secured Credit Facility Lenders, the Restructuring Support Parties ). 
 
 (b) Section 7(b)(xiii) shall be replaced in its entirety with the following text (with stricken text indicating a deletion from, and the double-underlined text indicating an addition to, the Section 7(b)(xiii) text set forth in the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement) 
 
 any Debtor (A) files any motion seeking to avoid, disallow, subordinate, or recharacterize any Company Claims Interests 2026 Notes Claims, Senior Secured Credit Facility Claims or Green Bonds Claims or any lien in respect thereof held by any Restructuring Support Party in respect thereof, (B) supports any application, adversary proceeding, or cause of action referred to in the immediately preceding clause (A) filed by a third party, or (C) consents to the standing of any such third party to bring such application, adversary proceeding, or cause of action 
 
 (c) Section 12(a) of the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety with the following text (with the double-underlined text indicating an addition to the Section 12(a) text set forth in the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement) 
 
 No Restructuring Support Party shall (i) sell, transfer, assign, pledge, grant a participation interest in, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, its right, title, or interest in respect of any of such Restructuring Support Party s Company Claims Interests subject to this Agreement, as applicable, in whole or in part, or (ii) deposit any of such Restructuring Support Party s Company Claims Interests, as applicable, into a voting trust, or grant any proxies, or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any such claims or interests (the actions described in clauses (i) and (ii) are collectively referred to herein as a Transfer and the Restructuring Support Party making such Transfer is referred to herein as the Transferor ), unless such Transfer is to (y) another Restructuring Support Party or (z) any other entity that first agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this 

2 

Agreement (any such party, a Joining Party by executing and delivering to the Debtors and counsel to each of the other Parties a Joinder Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Joinder Agreement ). With respect to Company Claims Interests held by the relevant Joining Party, upon consummation of a Transfer in accordance herewith, such Joining Party is deemed to make all of the representations, warranties, and covenants of a Restructuring Support Party, as applicable, set forth in this Agreement. Upon compliance with the foregoing, the Transferor shall be deemed to relinquish its rights (and be released from its obligations, except for any claim for breach of this Agreement that occurs prior to such Transfer) under this Agreement to the extent of such transferred rights and obligations. Any Transfer made in violation of this sub-clause (a) of this Section 12 shall be deemed null and void ab initio and of no force or effect, regardless of any prior notice provided to the Debtors and or any Restructuring Support Party, and shall not create any obligation or liability of any Debtor or any other Restructuring Support Party to the Joining Party. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a transfer of any Company Claims Interests to a Restructuring Support Party terminates or is otherwise reversed, the reversion of any rights in such Company Claims Interests to the initial transferor shall not be deemed to be a Transfer for purposes of this Section 12 and shall not require such initial transferor to execute a Joinder Agreement. 
 
 (d) Section 13 of the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety with the following text (with stricken text indicating a deletion from, and the double-underlined text indicating an addition to, the Section 13 text set forth in the Existing Restructuring Support Agreement) 
 
 Further Acquisition of Claims or Interests . Except as set forth in Section 12 , nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as precluding any Restructuring Support Party or any of its affiliates from acquiring, as applicable, additional Senior Secured Credit Facility Claims, 
 2026 Notes Claims, Epes Green Bonds Claims, Bond Green Bonds Claims, existing equity interests, or interests in the instruments underlying the Senior Secured Credit Facility Loans, the 2026 Notes, Epes Green Bonds, Bond Green Bonds, or existing equity interests (as applicable) Company Claims Interests provided , however , that any additional Senior Secured Credit Facility Claims, 2026 Notes Claims, Epes Green Bonds Claims, Bond Green Bonds Claims, existing equity interests, or interests in the underlying instruments Company Claims Interests acquired by any Restructuring Support Party and with respect to which such Restructuring Support Party is the holder of or with power and or authority to bind (including through instructing its proxy or other relevant person, to the extent it is legally entitled to instruct that person) any claims or interests Company Claims Interests held by it shall automatically be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, other than Section 12 hereof, without any further action by such Restructuring Support Party or the Debtors. Upon any such further acquisition, and not later than three (3) business days following such acquisition, such Restructuring Support Party shall notify, on a confidential basis, counsel to the Debtors and counsel to the Restructuring Support Parties. 

3 

2. Amendment Party Mutual Representations . Each of the Amendment Parties represents, warrants, and covenants to each other Amendment Party, as of the date such Amendment Party executes and delivers this Amendment 
 
 (a) it is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, and this Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Amendment Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability 
 
 (b) except as expressly provided in the Restructuring Support Agreement and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, no consent or approval is required by any other person or entity in order for it to perform its respective obligations under this Amendment 
 
 (c) the entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Amendment do not, and will not, conflict in any material respect with any law or regulation applicable to it or with any of its articles of association, memorandum of association or other constitutional documents and 
 
 (d) except as expressly provided in this Amendment, it has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into, execute, and deliver this Amendment and perform its respective obligations under this Amendment. 
 
 3. Effectiveness of Amendment . This Amendment shall be effective on the date first 
 listed above (the Amendment Effective Date ). 
 
 4. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts and by way of electronic signature and delivery, each such counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same agreement. 
 
 5. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT IS TO BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 
 
 6. Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment or any provisions hereof. 
 
 7. Entire Agreement . Except as otherwise explicitly provided herein, this Amendment constitutes the entire agreement among the Amendment Parties with respect to the subject matter 

4 

hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, oral or written, among the Amendment Parties, or any subset thereof, with respect thereto. 
 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, the Restructuring Support Agreement remains in full force and effect and this Amendment constitutes a valid amendment and supplement to the Restructuring Support Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
 
 (b) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not, by implication or otherwise, alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the obligations, covenants or rights contained in the Restructuring Support Agreement, all of which are ratified and confirmed in all respects by the Amendment Parties and shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Amendment Parties hereto have executed this 
 Amendment on the day and year first above written. 

Signature pages follow 

5 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 exhibit1014enviva-amendmen.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.14 
 Execution Version 

 AMENDMENT TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of May 1, 2024 (this Agreement ), by and among the undersigned DIP Creditors, ENVIVA INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company and a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, each of the other Guarantors, ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC Acquiom and SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS LLC Seaport ), as co-administrative agents (in such capacity, including any successor thereto in such capacity, the Co-Administrative Agents ), and Acquiom, as collateral agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to giving effect to this Agreement, the Existing DIP Credit Agreement and the Existing DIP Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement, the Amended DIP Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto from time to time, Acquiom and Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agents, and Acquiom, as Collateral Agent 
 
 WHEREAS , each of the parties hereto has agreed to amend the Existing DIP Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.08(b) thereof in the manner set forth in Section 2 hereof, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS , each Credit Party party hereto expects to realize substantial direct and indirect benefits as a result of this Agreement becoming effective and agrees to reaffirm its obligations pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Security Documents and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Defined Terms Interpretation Etc. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement also apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis , as if fully set forth herein. 
 
 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Each of the parties hereto agrees that, on and as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Existing DIP Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows 
 
 (a) The definition of subsidiary appearing in Section 1.01 of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person (herein referred to as the parent ), any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partner interests are, at the time any determination is being made, owned, 

Controlled or held, directly or indirectly by the parent and or one or more subsidiaries of the parent provided , that for the avoidance of doubt, (i) the EWH JV shall constitute a subsidiary of Enviva, LP (or any other applicable Credit Party or subsidiary thereof as successor thereto) for so long as it serves as the Managing Member thereof and (ii) Enviva Pellets Hamlet LLC shall constitute a subsidiary of Enviva, LP for so long as the EWH JV shall constitute a subsidiary of Enviva, LP. 
 (b) The definition of Excluded Subsidiary appearing in Section 1.01 of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 Excluded Subsidiary shall mean (a) each non-wholly owned Subsidiary that is a joint venture and not a Debtor, (b) each Foreign Subsidiary, (c) each Domestic Subsidiary that is directly or indirectly owned by a CFC and (d) each Subsidiary that is a FSHCO. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) Excluded Subsidiary shall not include any Debtor or any Credit Party as of the Closing Date and (ii) each of the EWH JV and Enviva Pellets Hamlet LLC shall each be considered Excluded Subsidiaries for all purposes hereof. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . By its execution of this Agreement, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof 
 
 (a) such Credit Party (i) has the organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms of this Agreement, (ii) has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and (iii) has duly executed and delivered this Agreement 
 
 (b) this Agreement and the Amended DIP Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 
 (c) the representations and warranties of each Credit Party set forth in Article III of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and in each other Credit Document are true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations were true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date provided that, solely for purposes of this Section 3(c) and not for any other purpose, the reference in Section 3.15(a) of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement to the Closing Date shall instead be deemed to refer to the Amendment Effective Date and 
 
 (d) immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 4. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of the amendment specified in Section 2 hereof, in each case, are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (the date of satisfaction of such conditions being referred to herein as the Amendment Effective Date 
 
 (a) Execution of this Agreemen t. The Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Agreement from the Administrative Agent, the Required DIP Creditors, the Company and the other Credit Parties. 

(b) Payment of Fees and Expenses . The Company shall have paid (or caused to be paid), to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment Effective Date, all costs, fees and expenses of Acquiom and Seaport (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses), in each case, required to be paid by the Company. 
 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 
 (d) No Default or Event of Defaul t. As of the Amendment Effective Date, immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 
 5. Reaffirmations . 
 
 (a) Each Credit Party, subject to the terms and limits contained in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and in the Security Documents, reaffirms its guaranty of the Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and other Security Documents. Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of this Agreement and consents to the amendment of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Agreement. Each Credit Party hereby confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound will continue to be in full force and effect as amended by this Agreement and that its obligations thereunder shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Each Credit Party hereby (i) confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound and all Collateral encumbered thereby will continue to secure to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Credit Documents the payment and performance of the Obligations, (ii) confirms its respective grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties of the security interest in and continuing Lien on all of such Credit Party s right, title and interest in, to and under all Collateral, in each case whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all applicable Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement), subject to the terms contained in the applicable Credit Documents and (iii) confirms its other pledges, other grants of security interests and other obligations, as applicable, under and subject to the terms of each Credit Document to which it is a party. 
 
 6. Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived except in accordance with Section 9.08 of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement. 

7. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 8. Effect of the Amendment . On and after the Amendment Effective Date, (i) each reference to the Credit Agreement in any Credit Document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement, (ii) the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof , and words of similar import, as used in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and (iii) this Agreement shall constitute a Credit Document for all purposes of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all Credit Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any DIP Creditor or the Administrative Agent under any of the Credit Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Documents. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the terms of this Agreement do not constitute a novation but, rather, an amendment of the terms of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement. 
 
 9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. 
 
 10. Miscellaneous . The provisions of Sections 9.11 and 9.15 of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. 
 
 11. Direction to Agents . Pursuant to Section 9.08(b) of the DIP Credit Agreement, each of the DIP Creditors party hereto, constituting the Required DIP Creditors, hereby directs the Co-Administrative Agents and the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement. 
 
 12. Severability . In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 13. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this 

Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Each of the parties represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Agreement through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC , 
 as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 By Name Title 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS LLC 
 as Co-Administrative Agent 
 By Name Title 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

DIP CREDITORS 
 as DIP Creditor 
 By Name Title 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA INC. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA GP, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA, LP 
 
 By Enviva GP, LLC, as its sole general partner 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PARTNERS FINANCE CORP. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS WAYCROSS, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS GREENWOOD, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS LUCEDALE, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES FINANCE 
 COMPANY, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES HOLDINGS, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA HOLDINGS, LP 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA AIRCRAFT HOLDINGS CORP. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA SHIPPING HOLDINGS, LLC By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS BOND, LLC By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA MLP INTERNATIONAL 
 HOLDINGS LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PORT OF PASCAGOULA, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA HOLDINGS GP, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA DEVELOPMENT FINANCE 
 COMPANY, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 exhibit1015amendmentno2tod.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.15 
 Execution Version 

 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of June 28, 2024 (this Agreement ), by and among the undersigned DIP Creditors, ENVIVA INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company and a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, each of the other Guarantors, ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC Acquiom and SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS LLC Seaport ), as co-administrative agents (in such capacity, including any successor thereto in such capacity, the Co-Administrative Agents ), and Acquiom, as collateral agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2024 (as amended by Amendment to Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2024, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to giving effect to this Agreement, the Existing DIP Credit Agreement and the Existing DIP Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement, the Amended DIP Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto from time to time, Acquiom and Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agents, and Acquiom, as Collateral Agent 
 
 WHEREAS , each of the parties hereto has agreed to amend the Existing DIP Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.08(b) thereof in the manner set forth in Section 2 hereof, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS , each Credit Party party hereto expects to realize substantial direct and indirect benefits as a result of this Agreement becoming effective and agrees to reaffirm its obligations pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Security Documents and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Defined Terms Interpretation Etc. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement also apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis , as if fully set forth herein. 
 
 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Each of the parties hereto agrees that, on and as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (as defined below) and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 (a) Section 5.04(a)(i) of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 within (x) 210 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Co-Administrative Agents at the written direction of the Required DIP Creditors), (y) 90 days after the end of each other fiscal year, the Company s consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income, partners equity and cash flows showing the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of its operations and the 

operations of such Subsidiaries during such year, together with comparative figures for the immediately preceding fiscal year, all audited by independent public accountants of recognized national standing and accompanied by an opinion of such accountants to the effect that such consolidated financial statements fairly present the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, together with a customary management discussion and analysis provision and (z) solely with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, 90 days after the end of such fiscal year, the Company s unaudited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income, partners equity and cash flows (which statements, for the avoidance of doubt, will be absent footnote disclosure) showing the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of its operations and the operations of such Subsidiaries during such year, together with comparative figures for the immediately preceding fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as fairly presenting the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments, together with a customary management discussion and analysis provision 
 
 (b) Section 5.04(a)(ii) of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 within 60 days (or, solely with respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024, 120 days) (or, in any case, such longer period of time agreed to by the Co-Administrative Agents at the written direction of the Required DIP Creditors) after the end of each fiscal quarter (other than the final fiscal quarter of any fiscal year) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024), the Company s consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income, partners equity and cash flows showing the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal quarter and the results of its operations and the operations of such Subsidiaries during such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, and comparative figures for the same periods in the immediately preceding fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as fairly presenting the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments, together with a customary management discussion and analysis provision 
 
 3. Representations and Warranties . By its execution of this Agreement, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof 
 
 (a) such Credit Party (i) has the organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms of this Agreement, (ii) has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and (iii) has duly executed and delivered this Agreement 
 
 (b) this Agreement and the Amended DIP Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 
 2 

(c) the representations and warranties of each Credit Party set forth in Article III of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and in each other Credit Document are true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations were true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date provided that, solely for purposes of this Section 3(c) and not for any other purpose, the reference in Section 3.15(a) of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement to the Closing Date shall instead be deemed to refer to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date and 
 
 (d) immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 4. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of the amendment specified in Section 2 hereof, in each case, are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (the date of satisfaction of such conditions being referred to herein as the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date 
 
 (a) Execution of this Agreemen t. The Co-Administrative Agents shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Agreement from the Co-Administrative Agents, the Required DIP Creditors, the Company and the other Credit Parties. 
 
 (b) Payment of Fees and Expenses . The Company shall have paid (or caused to be paid), to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, all costs, fees and expenses of Acquiom and Seaport (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses), in each case, required to be paid by the Company. 
 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 
 (d) No Default or Event of Defaul t. As of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 
 5. Reaffirmations . 
 
 (a) Each Credit Party, subject to the terms and limits contained in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and in the Security Documents, reaffirms its guaranty of the Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and other Security Documents. Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions 
 3 

of this Agreement and consents to the amendment of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Agreement. Each Credit Party hereby confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound will continue to be in full force and effect as amended by this Agreement and that its obligations thereunder shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Each Credit Party hereby (i) confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound and all Collateral encumbered thereby will continue to secure to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Credit Documents the payment and performance of the Obligations, (ii) confirms its respective grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties of the security interest in and continuing Lien on all of such Credit Party s right, title and interest in, to and under all Collateral, in each case whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all applicable Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement), subject to the terms contained in the applicable Credit Documents and (iii) confirms its other pledges, other grants of security interests and other obligations, as applicable, under and subject to the terms of each Credit Document to which it is a party. 
 
 6. Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived except in accordance with Section 9.08 of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement. 
 
 7. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 8. Effect of the Amendment . On and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, (i) each reference to the Credit Agreement in any Credit Document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement, (ii) the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof , and words of similar import, as used in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and (iii) this Agreement shall constitute a Credit Document for all purposes of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all Credit Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any DIP Creditor or the Co-Administrative Agents under any of the Credit Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Documents. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the terms of this Agreement do not constitute a novation but, rather, an amendment of the terms of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement. 
 
 9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE 
 4 

STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. 
 
 10. Miscellaneous . The provisions of Sections 9.11 and 9.15 of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. 
 
 11. Direction to Agents . Pursuant to Section 9.08(b) of the DIP Credit Agreement, each of the DIP Creditors party hereto, together constituting the Required DIP Creditors, hereby directs the Co-Administrative Agents and the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement. 
 
 12. Severability . In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 13. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures on electronic platforms approved by the Co-Administrative Agents, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Each of the parties represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Agreement through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC , 
 as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 By Name Title 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

Execution Version 

 SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS LLC 
 as Co-Administrative Agent 
 By Name Title 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

DIP CREDITORS 
 as DIP Creditor 
 By Name Title 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA INC. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA GP, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA, LP 
 
 By Enviva GP, LLC, as its sole general partner 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PARTNERS FINANCE CORP. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS WAYCROSS, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS GREENWOOD, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS LUCEDALE, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES FINANCE 
 COMPANY, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES HOLDINGS, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA HOLDINGS, LP 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA AIRCRAFT HOLDINGS CORP. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA SHIPPING HOLDINGS, LLC By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS BOND, LLC By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA MLP INTERNATIONAL 
 HOLDINGS LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PORT OF PASCAGOULA, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA HOLDINGS GP, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA DEVELOPMENT FINANCE 
 COMPANY, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 5
 exhibit1016enviva-amendmen.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.16 
 Execution Version 

 AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION CREDIT AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of July 29, 2024 (this Agreement ), by and among the undersigned DIP Creditors, ENVIVA INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company and a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, each of the other Guarantors, ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC Acquiom and SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS LLC Seaport ), as co-administrative agents (in such capacity, including any successor thereto in such capacity, the Co-Administrative Agents ), and Acquiom, as collateral agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2024 (as amended by Amendment to Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2024 and Amendment No. 2 to Debtor-In-Possession Credit and Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2024, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to giving effect to this Agreement, the Existing DIP Credit Agreement and the Existing DIP Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement, the Amended DIP Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, the DIP Creditors party thereto from time to time, Acquiom and Seaport, as Co-Administrative Agents, and Acquiom, as Collateral Agent 
 
 WHEREAS , each of the parties hereto has agreed to amend the Existing DIP Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.08(b) thereof in the manner set forth in Section 2 hereof, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 
 WHEREAS , each Credit Party party hereto expects to realize substantial direct and indirect benefits as a result of this Agreement becoming effective and agrees to reaffirm its obligations pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Security Documents and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Defined Terms Interpretation Etc. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement also apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis , as if fully set forth herein. 
 
 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Each of the parties hereto agrees that, on and as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (as defined below) and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 (a) Section 5.04(a)(i) of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (x) with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, no later than September 6, 2024 (or such later date agreed to by the Co-Administrative Agents at the written direction of the Required DIP Creditors, which direction may be given by email), (y) within 90 days after the end of each other fiscal year, the Company s consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income, partners equity and cash flows showing the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of its operations and the operations of such Subsidiaries during such year, together with comparative figures for the immediately preceding fiscal year, all audited by independent public accountants of recognized national standing and accompanied by an opinion of such accountants to the effect that such consolidated financial statements fairly present the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, together with a customary management discussion and analysis provision and 

(z) solely with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, within 90 days after the end of such fiscal year, the Company s unaudited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income, partners equity and cash flows (which statements, for the avoidance of doubt, will be absent footnote disclosure) showing the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of its operations and the operations of such Subsidiaries during such year, together with comparative figures for the immediately preceding fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as fairly presenting the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments, together with a customary management discussion and analysis provision 
 
 (b) Section 5.04(a)(ii) of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 within 60 days (or, solely with respect to (y) the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, no later than October 4, 2024 and (z) the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024, no later than November 1, 2024) (or, in each case, such longer period of time or later date agreed to by the Co-Administrative Agents at the written direction of the Required DIP Creditors, which direction may be given by email) after the end of each fiscal quarter (other than the final fiscal quarter of any fiscal year) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024), the Company s consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income, partners equity and cash flows showing the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal quarter and the results of its operations and the operations of such Subsidiaries during such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, and comparative figures for the same periods in the immediately preceding fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as fairly presenting the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments, together with a customary management discussion and analysis provision 
 
 3. Representations and Warranties . By its execution of this Agreement, each Credit Party hereby represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof 
 
 (a) such Credit Party (i) has the organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms of this Agreement, (ii) has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and (iii) has duly executed and delivered this Agreement 
 
 (b) this Agreement and the Amended DIP Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Credit Party enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 
 (c) the representations and warranties of each Credit Party set forth in Article III of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and in each other Credit Document are true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations were true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date provided that, solely for purposes of this Section 3(c) and not for any other purpose, the reference in Section 3.15(a) of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement to the Closing Date shall instead be deemed to refer to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and 
 
 (d) immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 4. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of the amendment specified in Section 2 hereof, in each case, are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (the date of satisfaction of such conditions being referred to herein as the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date 
 2 

(a) Execution of this Agreemen t. The Co-Administrative Agents shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Agreement from the Co-Administrative Agents, the Required DIP Creditors, the Company and the other Credit Parties. 
 
 (b) Payment of Fees and Expenses . The Company shall have paid (or caused to be paid), to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, all costs, fees and expenses of Acquiom and Seaport (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses), in each case, required to be paid by the Company. 
 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 
 (d) No Default or Event of Defaul t. As of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 
 5. Reaffirmations . 
 
 (a) Each Credit Party, subject to the terms and limits contained in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and in the Security Documents, reaffirms its guaranty of the Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and other Security Documents. Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of this Agreement and consents to the amendment of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Agreement. Each Credit Party hereby confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound will continue to be in full force and effect as amended by this Agreement and that its obligations thereunder shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Each Credit Party hereby (i) confirms that each Credit Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound and all Collateral encumbered thereby will continue to secure to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Credit Documents the payment and performance of the Obligations, (ii) confirms its respective grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties of the security interest in and continuing Lien on all of such Credit Party s right, title and interest in, to and under all Collateral, in each case whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all applicable Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement), subject to the terms contained in the applicable Credit Documents and (iii) confirms its other pledges, other grants of security interests and other obligations, as applicable, under and subject to the terms of each Credit Document to which it is a party. 
 
 6. Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived except in accordance with Section 9.08 of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement. 
 
 7. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 3 

8. Effect of the Amendment . On and after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (i) each reference to the Credit Agreement in any Credit Document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended DIP Credit Agreement, (ii) the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof , and words of similar import, as used in the Amended DIP Credit Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and (iii) this Agreement shall constitute a Credit Document for all purposes of the Amended DIP Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all Credit Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any DIP Creditor or the Co-Administrative Agents under any of the Credit Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Documents. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the terms of this Agreement do not constitute a novation but, rather, an amendment of the terms of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement. 
 
 9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. 
 
 10. Miscellaneous . The provisions of Sections 9.11 and 9.15 of the Existing DIP Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. 
 
 11. Direction to Agents . Pursuant to Section 9.08(b) of the DIP Credit Agreement, each of the DIP Creditors party hereto, together constituting the Required DIP Creditors, hereby directs the Co-Administrative Agents and the Collateral Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement. 
 
 12. Severability . In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 13. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures on electronic platforms approved by the Co-Administrative Agents, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Each of the parties represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Agreement through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

ACQUIOM AGENCY SERVICES LLC , 
 as Co-Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 By Name Title 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

Execution Version 

 SEAPORT LOAN PRODUCTS LLC 
 as Co-Administrative Agent 
 By Name Title 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

DIP CREDITORS 
 as DIP Creditor 
 By Name Title 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA INC. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA GP, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA, LP 
 
 By Enviva GP, LLC, as its sole general partner 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PARTNERS FINANCE CORP. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS WAYCROSS, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS GREENWOOD, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS LUCEDALE, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES FINANCE 
 COMPANY, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS EPES HOLDINGS, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA HOLDINGS, LP 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA AIRCRAFT HOLDINGS CORP. 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA SHIPPING HOLDINGS, LLC By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PELLETS BOND, LLC By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA MLP INTERNATIONAL 
 HOLDINGS LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA PORT OF PASCAGOULA, 
 LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

ENVIVA HOLDINGS GP, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

ENVIVA DEVELOPMENT FINANCE 
 COMPANY, LLC 
 By Name James P. Geraghty Title Executive Vice President, Finance 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to DIP Credit and Note Purchase Agreement 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 exhibit1021amendedandresta.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.21 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of November 9, 2023 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Glenn T. Nunziata Executive and supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement entered into as of August 28, 2023 by and between the Company and Executive. 
 1. Employment . During the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and for the duration of the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive shall serve, as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA ), and such other Affiliates of the Company as may be designated by EVA from time to time. 
 2. Duties and Responsibilities of Executive . 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and will not hold any outside employment or consulting position. Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement will include those normally incidental to the position identified in Section 1, as well as such additional duties as may be assigned to Executive by EVA from time to time. 
 (b) Executive represents and covenants that Executive is not the subject of or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant, non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding, or restriction that would prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect the duties and responsibilities that may now or in the future be assigned to Executive hereunder. 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates fiduciary duties, including duties of care, loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance, such that Executive shall act at all times in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliates and shall not appropriate any business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates for Executive. Executive agrees that the obligations described in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligations Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates under common law. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive may provide services (including as an executive, employee, director, or otherwise) to multiple Affiliates of the Company and, in providing such services, Executive will not be violating Executive s obligations hereunder so long as Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, and 9 below in the course of performing such services. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Amendment Effective Date, Executive s annualized base salary shall be 850,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be provided in consideration for Executive s services under this Agreement, and payable on a not less than biweekly basis, in conformity with the Company s customary payroll practices for executives as in effect from time to time provided, however , as soon as reasonably practicable following the date that the parties enter into this Agreement, the Company shall adjust its payroll processing in order to reflect Executive s increased Base Salary that became effective as of the Amendment Effective Date and, on the Company s first payroll date that comes after such adjustment (the Adjustment Date ), the Company shall make a lump sum payment to Executive in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the base salary that he received from the Company for 

services provided between the Amendment Effective Date and the Adjustment Date, and (ii) the base salary that Executive would have received from the Company for services provided during such period had Executive s base salary been paid at the annualized rate of 850,000. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for discretionary bonus compensation for the 2023 calendar year and each subsequent full calendar year that Executive is employed by the Company hereunder (each, a Bonus Year pursuant to the applicable incentive or bonus compensation plan of the Company, if any, that is applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company (each, an Annual Bonus ). Each Annual Bonus shall have a target value that is not less than 150 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of the Bonus Year to which such Annual Bonus relates (the Target Annual Bonus provided, however , that the Target Annual Bonus for the 2023 calendar year shall have a target value of not less than 537,500. The performance targets that must be achieved in order to realize certain bonus levels shall be established by the board of directors of EVA (the Board or a committee thereof annually, in its sole discretion, and communicated to Executive in accordance with terms of the applicable incentive or bonus plan. Each Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the Board or a committee thereof certifies whether the applicable performance targets for the applicable Bonus Year have been achieved, but in no event later than March 15 following the end of such Bonus Year. 
 (c) Long-Term Incentive Plan . 
 (i) With respect to the 2024 calendar year and each subsequent calendar year during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual awards under the EVA equity compensation plan as in effect from time to time (the LTIP with a target value equal to 350 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of such calendar year (the Target Annual LTIP Award ). For the 2024 calendar year, such award will vest 50 on the third anniversary of the grant date and 50 on the fourth anniversary of the grant date so long as Executive remains continuously employed by the Company through such respective anniversary dates. 
 (ii) All awards granted to Executive under the LTIP, if any, shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board, or a committee thereof, shall determine from time to time and shall be subject to and governed by the terms and provisions of the LTIP as in effect from time to time and the award agreements evidencing such awards. Nothing herein shall be construed to give Executive any rights to any amount or type of grant or award except as provided in such award to Executive provided in writing and authorized by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 4. Term of Employment . The current term of Executive s employment under this Agreement is the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date (the Current Term ). On the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date, the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew and extend for a period of 12 months (each such 12-month period being a Renewal Term unless written notice of non-renewal is delivered by either party to the other not less than 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6. The period from the Amendment Effective Date through the expiration of this Agreement or, if sooner, the termination of Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the time or reason for such termination, shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period. 
 2 

5. Reimbursement of Business Expenses Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following reimbursements and benefits during the Employment Period 
 (a) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable business-related expenses incurred in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement provided that Executive timely submits all documentation for such reimbursement, as required by Company policy in effect from time-to-time. Any reimbursement of expenses under this Section 5(a) or Section 12 shall be made by the Company upon or as soon as practicable following receipt of supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company (but in any event not later than the close of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense is incurred by Executive) provided , however , that, upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, in no event shall any additional reimbursement be made prior to the date that is six months after the date of such termination (or, if earlier, prior to the date of Executive s death) to the extent such payment delay is required under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code. In no event shall any reimbursement be made to Executive for such expenses incurred after the date that is five years after the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive is not permitted to receive a payment in lieu of reimbursement under this Section 5(a) or Section 12. 
 (b) Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time. The Company shall not, by reason of this Section 5(b), be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any such plan or policy, so long as such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated Company employees generally. 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Company s Right to Terminate Executive s Employment for Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean Executive s 
 (i) material breach of any policy established by the Company or any of its Affiliates that (x) pertains to health and safety and (y) is applicable to Executive 
 (ii) engaging in acts of disloyalty to the Company or its Affiliates, including fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony, or proven dishonesty or 
 (iii) willful misconduct in the performance of, or willful failure to perform a material function of, Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 (b) Company s Right to Terminate for Convenience . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment without Cause, at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. 
 (c) Executive s Right to Terminate for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities 
 3 

(ii) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary, Target Annual Bonus, or Target Annual LTIP Award 
 (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 100 miles from the location of Executive s principal place of employment as of the Amendment Effective Date or 
 (iv) the Company s delivery of a written notice of non-renewal of this Agreement to Executive. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (A) the condition described in Section 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) giving rise to Executive s termination of Executive s employment must have arisen without Executive s written consent (B) Executive must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within 30 days of the date on which Executive knew of the existence of the condition (C) the condition specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company and (D) the date of Executive s termination of Executive s employment must occur within 30 days after the end of such cure period. 
 (d) Death or Disability . Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the death or Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a Disability shall mean Executive is or would be entitled to receive income replacement benefits as determined in accordance with the Company s then-current long-term disability policy, whether or not Executive is covered by such policy (or, if the Company has no long-term disability policy, then Disability shall instead mean that Executive has become disabled within the meaning of Section 409A (as defined below), as determined in the discretion of the Company). 
 (e) Executive s Right to Terminate for Convenience . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company for convenience at any time upon 60 days advance written notice to the Company provided that if Executive provides a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 6(e), the Company may designate an earlier termination date than that specified in Executive s notice. The Company s designation of such an earlier date will not change the nature of Executive s termination, which will still be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive pursuant to this Section 6(e). 
 (f) Mutual Agreement to Terminate . The Company and Executive may agree to terminate Executive s employment by mutual written agreement at any time pursuant to the terms of such mutual written agreement. 
 (g) Effect of Termination . 
 (i) If Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate (1) pursuant to Section 4 at the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, as a result of a non-renewal of this Agreement by Executive or (2) pursuant to Section 6(a), 6(e), or 6(f), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Executive shall be entitled to (x) payment of all earned, but unpaid Base Salary within 30 days of Executive s last day of employment, or earlier if required by law, (y) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with Section 5(a) and Section 12, and (z) benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy described in Section 5(b). 
 4 

(ii) If Executive s employment terminates (1) pursuant to Section 6(b) or 6(c) or (2) due to Executive s death or Disability pursuant to Section 6(d), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that (I) Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in clauses (x) through (z) of Section 6(g)(i) and (II) if Executive executes, on or before the Release Expiration Date (as defined below), and does not revoke within the time provided by the Company to do so, a release of all claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (which shall be substantially similar to the form of release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release )), then, provided that Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 
 (A) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount (the Severance Payment equal to the product of (x) 1.5 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined below), 2.0) and (y) the sum of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the date of the termination of Executive s employment (the Termination Date and Executive s Target Annual Bonus as of the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will be divided into 36 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 48) substantially equal installments. On the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date, the Company shall pay to Executive, without interest, a number of such installments equal to the number of such installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date had the installments been paid on a biweekly basis commencing on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date coincident with or next following the Termination Date, and each of the remaining installments shall be paid on a biweekly basis thereafter provided , however , that (1) to the extent, if any, that the aggregate amount of the installments of the Severance Payment that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(A) after March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Severance Payment payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess (beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess), and (2) all remaining installments of the Severance Payment, if any, that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(A) after December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be paid with the installment of the Severance Payment, if any, due in December of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (B) To the extent Executive s Annual Bonus payable with respect to service in the year preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs remains unpaid as of the Termination Date, such Annual Bonus will be paid based on actual performance at the time annual bonuses for such prior year are paid to executives of the Company generally (but no later than March 15 following the end of such prior year). 
 5 

(C) The Company shall pay to Executive a pro-rated Annual Bonus attributable to service performed by the Executive for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (pro-rated for the period beginning on the first day of the Bonus Year and ending on the Termination Date) (the Pro-rated Bonus ). The Pro-rated Bonus will be paid at the time annual bonuses are paid to executives of the Company generally (but no later than March 15 of the year following the Termination Date) and will be determined based on target levels with respect to any individual performance metrics and actual performance with respect to any metrics tied to EVA or any subsidiary or other financial or non-individual metrics. 
 (D) 100 of or, if the Termination Date occurs prior to August 28, 2024, then 50 of, all outstanding awards granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date shall immediately become fully vested as of the Termination Date provided , however , that with respect to any such LTIP awards that were granted subject to a performance requirement (other than continued service by Executive) that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board (or a committee thereof) as of the Termination Date, then (1) if the Termination Date occurs within six months prior to the expiration of the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested based on actual performance upon the expiration of such performance period (determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the LTIP) and (2) if the Termination Date occurs at any other time during the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested as of the Termination Date based on target performance (determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the LTIP). All outstanding awards granted pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date and do not vest pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall be automatically forfeited. 
 (E) If Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Company s group health plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), similar in the amounts and types of coverage provided by the Company to Executive prior to the Termination Date, then during the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below), the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the entire amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage COBRA Benefit ). Each payment of the COBRA Benefit shall be paid to Executive on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which Executive submits to the Company documentation of the applicable premium payment having been paid by Executive, which documentation shall be submitted by Executive to the Company within 30 days following the date on which the applicable premium payment is paid. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(E) to the contrary, (x) the election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain Executive s sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (y) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 6(g)(ii)(E) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse impact on the Company, then the Company and Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to Executive without such adverse impact on the Company. 
 6 

As used herein, the COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the period beginning on the first day of the first calendar month following the Termination Date and continuing for a number of months thereafter equal to 18 months (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 24 months) provided, however , that the COBRA Continuation Period shall immediately terminate upon the earlier of (1) the time Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that Executive becomes so eligible) or (2) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. For purposes of this Section 6(g)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(g)(ii)(E)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(g)(ii)(E) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. 
 (iii) Executive acknowledges Executive s understanding that if the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by Executive, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii). As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to Executive (which shall occur no later than seven days after the Termination Date) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions 
 (A) the sale or disposal by EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an Affiliate of EVA 
 (B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or 
 (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 (h) Meaning of Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered to have terminated employment with the Company when Executive incurs a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code provided , however , that whether such a separation from service has occurred shall be determined based upon a reasonably anticipated permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services to be performed to no more than 25 of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding 36 months. 
 7. Conflicts of Interest Disclosure of Opportunities . Executive agrees that Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware of such conflict. Executive further agrees that, throughout the Employment Period and for one year after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, 
 7 

Executive shall offer to the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, all business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets, regardless of where such business opportunities arise. 
 8. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive has been provided with and had access to (and, during the Employment Period, Executive will continue to be provided with, and have access to) valuable Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of Executive s receipt of and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable consideration provided hereunder, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive agrees to comply with this Section 8. 
 (a) Executive covenants and agrees, both during the Employment Period and thereafter that, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by directive of the Board, Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the physical security of all documents and other material containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which the Confidential Information is stored). The covenants in this Section 8(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to Executive during the Employment Period. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 8(a), Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information 
 (i) disclosures to other executives or employees of the Company or its Affiliates who have a need to know the information in connection with the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
 (ii) disclosures and uses that are incidental to Executive s provision of services to the Company and its Affiliates consistent with the terms of this Agreement or that are approved by the Board 
 (iii) disclosures for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulatory requirements or 
 (iv) disclosures that Executive is legally compelled to make by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or similar process, or otherwise by law. 
 (c) Upon the end of Executive s employment with the Company and at any other time upon request of the Company, Executive shall surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and other material of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information in Executive s possession and shall not retain any such document or other material. Within 10 days of any such request, Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. 
 (d) All non-public information, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made, developed, or acquired by Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or properties, products, or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, business plans, 
 8 

trade secrets, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) is defined as Confidential Information. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voicemail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models, and all other writings or materials of any type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its Affiliates and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (e) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities, (iii) testifying, participating, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) is made to Executive s attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law, or (z) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does this Agreement require Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company or its Affiliates before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 8(e), or to notify the Company or its Affiliates that Executive has engaged in any such conduct. 
 9. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) The Company shall continue to provide Executive access to Confidential Information for use only during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting Executive, in Executive s unique and special capacity, with continuing to develop the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the continued access to Confidential Information, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 9. Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein, including the geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects and are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests, including the preservation of its Confidential Information and goodwill. 
 (b) Executive agrees that, during the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of whatever nature 
 (i) engage or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company in any business in which either the Company or its Protected Affiliates engaged in, or had plans to become engaged in of which Executive was aware during the 
 9 

period of Executive s employment with the Company or the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, which business includes the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets (the Business ). As used herein, the term Protected Affiliates means any Affiliate of the Company for which Executive provided services during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, or about which Executive obtained Confidential Information during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (ii) appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or its Affiliates located in the Market Area, or engage in any activity that is detrimental to the Company or its Affiliates or that limits the Company s or an Affiliate s ability to fully exploit such Business Opportunities or prevents the benefits of such Business Opportunities from accruing to the Company or its Affiliates or 
 (iii) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate his or her employment therewith. 
 (c) Timeframe of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement . Executive agrees that the covenants of this Section 9 shall be enforceable during the period that Executive is employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the date that Executive is no longer employed by the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination. 
 (d) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company and its Affiliates as a result of a breach of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that could be caused to the Company and its Affiliates for which they would have no other adequate remedy, Executive agrees that the foregoing covenant may be enforced by the Company and its Affiliates, in the event of breach by Executive, by injunctions and restraining orders and that such enforcement shall not be the Company s and its Affiliates exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and its Affiliates, both at law and in equity. 
 (e) The covenants in this Section 9 are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant (or any portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or any portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, as applicable, shall determine that the scope, time, or territorial restrictions set forth in this Section 9 are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent that the court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and this Agreement shall thereby be reformed. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 9, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (i) Business Opportunity shall mean any commercial, investment, or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (ii) Market Area shall mean any location or geographic area within 75 miles of a location where the Company or its Affiliates conducts Business, or has plans to conduct Business of which Executive is aware, during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (g) All of the covenants in this Section 9 shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. 
 10 

10. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Executive agrees that the Company or its applicable Affiliate shall own, and Executive hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, and information authored, created, contributed to, made, or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive during the period that Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates that either (a) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, or development, to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Company s time or with the use of any of the Company s or its Affiliates equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property ), and Executive will promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of Executive s works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period that Executive is or has been employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in the scope of Executive s employment shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Executive agrees to perform, during and after the Employment Period, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist the Company or its applicable Affiliate, at the Company s or such Affiliate s expense, in obtaining and enforcing its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property. 
 11. Arbitration . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(d), any dispute, controversy, or claim between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or services provided to any Affiliate of the Company will be finally settled by arbitration in New York, New York before, and in accordance with the rules for the resolution of employment disputes then in effect of, the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 
 (b) Any arbitration conducted under this Section 11 shall be heard by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected in accordance with the then-applicable rules of the AAA. The Arbitrator shall expeditiously (and, if possible, within 90 days after the selection of the Arbitrator) hear and decide all matters concerning the dispute. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the Arbitrator shall have the power to (i) gather such materials, information, testimony, and evidence as the Arbitrator deems relevant to the dispute before him or her (and each party will provide such materials, information, testimony, and evidence requested by the Arbitrator, except to the extent any information so requested is proprietary, subject to a third-party confidentiality restriction, or to an attorney-client or other privilege), and (ii) grant injunctive relief and enforce specific performance. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be rendered in writing, be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction provided that the parties agree that the Arbitrator and any court enforcing the award of the Arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to any disputing party. 
 (c) Each side shall share equally the cost of the arbitration and bear its own costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with any arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that compelling reasons exist for allocating all or a portion of such costs and fees to the other side. 
 11 

(d) Notwithstanding Section 11(a), an application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief by either party (including any such application to enforce the provisions of Sections 8, 9, or 10 herein) shall not be subject to arbitration under this Section 11 provided , however , that the remainder of any such dispute (beyond the application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief) shall be subject to arbitration under this Section. 
 (e) By entering into this Agreement and entering into the arbitration provisions of this Section 11, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from (i) instituting litigation to enforce any arbitration award or (ii) joining another party to this Agreement in a litigation initiated by a person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement. 
 12. Defense of Claims . Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period and thereafter, upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive will cooperate with the Company or its Affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliates that relate to Executive s actual or prior areas of responsibility, except if Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliate(s), as applicable, in such claim or action. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for all of Executive s reasonable travel and other direct expenses incurred, or to be reasonably incurred, to comply with Executive s obligations under this Section 12, provided Executive provides reasonable documentation of same and obtains the Company s prior approval for incurring such expenses. 
 13. Withholdings . The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal, state, local, and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive. 
 14. Title and Headings Construction . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all Exhibits or Attachments referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term, or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term, or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term, or matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument, or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, modified, and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. 
 15. Applicable Law Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 11 above and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this 
 12 

Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. 
 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 16, all understandings and agreements preceding the Amendment Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof (including the Prior Agreement) are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect, and this Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, that purport to govern the terms of Executive s employment (including Executive s compensation) with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Prior Agreement is hereby terminated and has been satisfied in full, as has any other employment agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. In entering into this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received all sums and compensation that Executive has been owed, is owed, or ever could be owed pursuant to the agreement(s) referenced in the previous sentence and for services provided to the Company and any of its Affiliates through the date that Executive signs this Agreement, with the exception of any unpaid base salary for the pay period that includes the date on which Executive signs this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 16 to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not supersede or replace, but instead complements and is in addition to, all equity compensation agreements between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto. 
 17. Waiver of Breach . Any waiver of this Agreement must be executed by the party to be bound by such waiver. No waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party hereto to take any action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 18. Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Executive, and neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferred by Executive. The Company may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor (whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the equity, assets, or businesses of the Company, if such Affiliate or successor expressly agrees to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor or any of its Affiliates (including to EVA or any EVA subsidiary) including in conjunction with any corporate restructuring, simplification, or reorganization. In the event of any such assignment, the Company s assignee shall have all rights and obligations of, and shall be deemed to be, the Company hereunder. 
 19. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates is defined as any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under Common Control with , means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, Control shall be deemed to exist when a person or entity possesses, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries (a) in the case of a corporation, more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities thereof, (b) in the case of a 
 13 

limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, or joint venture, the right to more than 50 of the distributions therefrom (including liquidating distributions), or (c) in the case of any other person or entity, more than 50 of the economic or beneficial interest therein. 
 20. Notices . Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed, in each case, to the following address, as applicable 
 (a) If to the Company, addressed to 
 Enviva Management Company, LLC 7272 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 1800 Bethesda, MD 20814 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) If to Executive, addressed to the most recent address the Company has in its employment records for Executive. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or .pdf or similar electronic format, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto. 
 22. Deemed Resignations . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Executive prior to the termination of Executive s employment, any termination of Executive s employment shall constitute (a) an automatic resignation of Executive as an officer of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, (b) an automatic resignation of Executive from the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, and (c) an automatic resignation from the board of directors or any similar governing body of any corporation, limited liability entity, or other entity in which the Company or any Affiliate holds an equity interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves as the Company s or such Affiliate s designee or other representative (if applicable). 
 23. Effect of Termination . The provisions of Sections 6(g), 7-12, 22, and 24 and those provisions necessary to interpret and enforce them, shall survive any termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 24. Third-Party Beneficiaries . Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third-party beneficiary of Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 22 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 
 25. Severability . Subject to Section 9(e), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) is invalid or unenforceable, then the invalidity or unenforceability of that provision (or part thereof) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement, and all other provisions (or part thereof) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 26. Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative 
 14 

guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if Executive s receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of Executive s death or (ii) the date that is six months after the Termination Date (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date ), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 27. Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive awards granted hereunder and under any other agreement or arrangement with the Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, in each case which are subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, are subject to EVA s Policy on Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and Clawback of Compensation Related to Misconduct and any other written clawback policies that the Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, as applicable, may adopt either prior to or following the Amendment Effective Date, whether or not required pursuant to or related to any such applicable law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirements. Any such clawback policy may subject Executive s incentive awards and amounts received with respect to any incentive awards to reduction, cancelation, forfeiture, or recoupment if certain specified events occur, including an accounting restatement, or other events or wrongful conduct specified in any such clawback policy. The Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, as applicable, will make any determination for reduction, cancelation, forfeiture, or recoupment in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation. 
 The remainder of this page was left blank intentionally the signature page follows. 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Executive and the Company each have caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, effective for all purposes as provided above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

Glenn T. Nunziata 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY , LLC 

By 
 Jason E. Paral 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 

Signature Page to 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (Glenn T. Nunziata) 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This Release Agreement (this Agreement constitutes the release referred to in that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated as of November 9, 2023, by and between Glenn T. Nunziata Executive and Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company ). Executive s employment with the Company terminated effective _______ __, 20__. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s provision of certain severance payments (or a portion thereof) to Executive in accordance with Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby releases, discharges, and forever acquits (A) the Company, its subsidiaries and all of its other Affiliates, (B) EVA, its subsidiaries, and all of its other Affiliates, and (C) the past, present, and future stockholders, officers, members, partners, directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns of the entities specified in clauses (A) and (B) above, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executive s employment with any Company Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date of the execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, (1) any alleged violation through the date of this Agreement of (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended (v) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as amended (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (viii) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (ix) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (x) any federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law (xi) any federal, state, or local wage and hour law (xii) any other federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance and (xiii) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim (2) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to a Released Claim (3) any and all rights, benefits, or claims Executive may have under any employment contract (including, without limitation, the Employment Agreement), incentive compensation plan, or equity incentive plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party except as expressly provided (I) in Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (II) pursuant to the terms of any equity compensation agreement between Executive and a Company Party (including any Award Agreement (as defined in the LTIP) relating to an award granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP), and (4) any claim for compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in the Employment Agreement or any equity compensation agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). In no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim based on facts occurring after the date Executive signs this Agreement, (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan or equity compensation plan, or (c) any claims for contractual payments under Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration recited in the first sentence of this paragraph, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived. By signing this Agreement, Executive is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Executive s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Executive s estate, is also bound by this Agreement. This release also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Executive may have a right or benefit. Notwithstanding the 
 EXHIBIT A-1 

release of liability contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency, authority, or commission (each, a Governmental Agency or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency. Executive understands that this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Governmental Agency (including by providing documents or other information to a Governmental Agency) without notice to the Company or any other Company Party. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Agency for information provided to a Governmental Agency. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT , INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY , OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES. 
 (b) Executive represents and warrants that, as of the date Executive signs this Agreement, Executive has not filed any lawsuits against the Company or any of the other Company Parties with any state or federal court or arbitrator for, or with respect to, a matter, claim, or incident, act, or omission that occurred or arose out of one or more occurrences that took place on or prior to the date Executive signs this Agreement. Executive further represents and warrants that he has not made any assignment, sale, delivery, transfer, or conveyance of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against the Company or any of the other Company Parties with respect to any Released Claim. 
 (c) Executive represents and warrants that Executive has returned to the Company all property belonging to the Company and any other Company Party, including all computer files and other electronically stored information and other materials provided to Executive by the Company or any other Company Party in the course of Executive s employment and Executive further represents and warrants that Executive has not maintained a copy of any such materials in any form. 
 (d) Executive agrees that Executive will engage in no act (including a verbal or written statement) that is intended, or reasonably may be expected, to defame, disparage, or harm the reputation, business, prospects, or operations of the Company or any other Company Party. Nothing in this Section (d) will prevent Executive from communicating with any Governmental Agency. 
 (e) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has continuing obligations to the Company and the other Company Parties pursuant to Sections 8, 9, and 10 of the Employment Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants ). In entering into this Agreement, Executive acknowledges the enforceability and continued effectiveness of the Restrictive Covenants and reaffirms Executive s commitment to abide by their terms. 
 (f) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that 
 (i) Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
 (ii) Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company to be added if 45 days applies , and Executive acknowledges that attached to this Agreement are (1) a list of the positions and ages of those employees selected for 
 EXHIBIT A-2 

termination (or participation in the exit incentive or other employment termination program) (2) a list of the ages of those employees not selected for termination (or participation in such program) and (3) information about the unit affected by the employment termination program of which Executive s termination was a part, including any eligibility factors for such program and any time limits applicable to such program 
 (iii) Executive has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, that Executive may, at Executive s option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executive s choice and that Executive has had adequate opportunity to do so 
 (iv) Executive fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein and Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily, and of Executive s own free will, and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (v) With the exception of any sums that Executive may be owed pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Executive was entitled during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the Company before 11 59 p.m., New York, New York time, on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio . No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Executive in the foregoing manner. 
 Executed on this _____ day of ___________, 20__. 

Glenn T. Nunziata 
 EXHIBIT A-3 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 7
 exhibit1022thirdamendedand.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.22 
 Execution Version 

 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of June 4, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Yanina A. Kravtsova Executive and supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement entered into as of December 1, 2021 by and between the Company and Executive. 
 1. Employment . During the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and for the duration of the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive shall serve, as Executive Vice President, International Market Development and Public Affairs of the Company, Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA ), and such other Affiliates of the Company as may be designated by EVA from time to time. 
 2. Duties and Responsibilities of Executive . 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and will not hold any outside employment or consulting position. Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement will include those normally incidental to the position identified in Section 1, as well as such additional duties as may be assigned to Executive by EVA from time to time. 
 (b) Executive represents and covenants that Executive is not the subject of or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant, non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding, or restriction that would prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect the duties and responsibilities that may now or in the future be assigned to Executive hereunder. 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates fiduciary duties, including duties of care, loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance, such that Executive shall act at all times in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliates and shall not appropriate any business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates for Executive. Executive agrees that the obligations described in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligations Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates under common law. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive may provide services (including as an executive, employee, director, or otherwise) to multiple Affiliates of the Company and, in providing such services, Executive will not be violating Executive s obligations hereunder so long as Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, and 9 below in the course of performing such services. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Amendment Effective Date, Executive s annualized base salary shall be 380,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be provided in consideration for Executive s services under this Agreement, and payable on a not less than biweekly basis, in conformity with the Company s customary payroll practices for executives as in effect from time to time. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for discretionary bonus compensation for the 2022 calendar year (so long as Executive remains employed through the 2022 calendar year) and each subsequent complete calendar year 

that Executive is employed by the Company hereunder (each, a Bonus Year pursuant to the applicable incentive or bonus compensation plan of the Company, if any, that is applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company (each, an Annual Bonus ). Each Annual Bonus shall have a target value that is not less than 100 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of the Bonus Year to which such Annual Bonus relates (the Target Annual Bonus provided , however , that the Target Annual Bonus for the 2022 calendar year shall have a target value of not less than 370,200. The performance targets that must be achieved in order to realize certain bonus levels shall be established by the board of directors of EVA (the Board or a committee thereof annually, in its sole discretion, and communicated to Executive in accordance with terms of the applicable incentive or bonus plan, if any, or if no such plan has been adopted, within the first 90 days of each applicable Bonus Year following 2022. Each Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the Board or a committee thereof certifies whether the applicable performance targets for the applicable Bonus Year have been achieved, but in no event later than March 15 following the end of such Bonus Year. 
 (c) Long-Term Incentive Plan . With respect to the 2023 calendar year and each subsequent calendar year during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual awards under the EVA equity compensation plan as in effect from time to time (the LTIP with a target value equal to 200 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of such calendar year (the Target Annual LTIP Award ). All awards granted to Executive under the LTIP, if any, shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board, or a committee thereof, shall determine from time to time and shall be subject to and governed by the terms and provisions of the LTIP as in effect from time to time and the award agreements evidencing such awards. Nothing herein shall be construed to give Executive any rights to any amount or type of grant or award except as provided in such award to Executive provided in writing and authorized by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 4. Term of Employment . The current term of Executive s employment under this Agreement is the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date (the Current Term ). On the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date thereafter, the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew and extend for a period of 12 months (each such 12-month period being a Renewal Term unless written notice of non-renewal is delivered by either party to the other not less than 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6. The period from the Amendment Effective Date through the expiration of this Agreement or, if sooner, the termination of Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the time or reason for such termination, shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period. 
 5. Reimbursement of Business Expenses Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following reimbursements and benefits during the Employment Period 
 (a) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable business-related expenses incurred in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement provided that Executive timely submits all documentation for such reimbursement, as required by Company policy in effect from time-to-time. Any reimbursement of expenses under this Section 5(a) or Section 12 shall be made by the Company upon or as soon as practicable following receipt of supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company (but in any event not later than the close of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense is incurred by Executive) provided , 
 2 

however , that, upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, in no event shall any additional reimbursement be made prior to the date that is six months after the date of such termination (or, if earlier, prior to the date of Executive s death) to the extent such payment delay is required under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code. In no event shall any reimbursement be made to Executive for such expenses incurred after the date that is five years after the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive is not permitted to receive a payment in lieu of reimbursement under this Section 5(a) or Section 12. 
 (b) Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time. The Company shall not, by reason of this Section 5(b), be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any such plan or policy, so long as such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated Company employees generally. 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Company s Right to Terminate Executive s Employment for Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean Executive s 
 (i) material breach of any policy established by the Company or any of its Affiliates that (x) pertains to health and safety and (y) is applicable to Executive 
 (ii) engaging in acts of disloyalty to the Company or its Affiliates, including fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony, or proven dishonesty or 
 (iii) willful misconduct in the performance of, or willful failure to perform a material function of, Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 (b) Company s Right to Terminate for Convenience . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment without Cause, at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. 
 (c) Executive s Right to Terminate for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities 
 (ii) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary, Target Annual Bonus, or Target Annual LTIP Award 
 (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 100 miles from the location of Executive s principal place of employment as of the Amendment Effective Date or 
 (iv) the Company s delivery of a written notice of non-renewal of this Agreement to Executive. 
 3 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (A) the condition described in Section 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) giving rise to Executive s termination of Executive s employment must have arisen without Executive s written consent (B) Executive must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within 30 days of the date on which Executive knew of the existence of the condition (C) the condition specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company and (D) the date of Executive s termination of Executive s employment must occur within 30 days after the end of such cure period. 
 (d) Death or Disability . Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the death or Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a Disability shall exist if Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executive s position, with reasonable accommodation (if applicable), due to an illness or physical or mental impairment or other incapacity that continues for a period in excess of 90 days, whether consecutive or not, in any period of 365 consecutive days. The determination of a Disability will be made by the Company after obtaining an opinion from a doctor of the Company s choosing. Executive agrees to provide such information and participate in such examinations as may be reasonably required by said doctor in order to form his or her opinion. If requested by the Company, Executive shall submit to a mental or physical examination to be performed by an independent physician selected by the Company to assist the Company in making such determination. 
 (e) Executive s Right to Terminate for Convenience . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company for convenience at any time upon 60 days advance written notice to the Company provided that if Executive provides a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 6(e), the Company may designate an earlier termination date than that specified in Executive s notice. The Company s designation of such an earlier date will not change the nature of Executive s termination, which will still be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive pursuant to this Section 6(e). 
 (f) Effect of Termination . 
 (i) If Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate (1) pursuant to Section 4 at the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, as a result of a non-renewal of this Agreement by Executive or (2) pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(e), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Executive shall be entitled to (x) payment of all earned, unpaid Base Salary within 30 days of Executive s last day of employment, or earlier if required by law, (y) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with Section 5(a) and Section 12, and (z) benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy described in Section 5(b). 
 (ii) If Executive s employment terminates (1) pursuant to Section 6(b) or 6(c) or (2) due to Executive s death or Disability pursuant to Section 6(d), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that (I) Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in clauses (x) through (z) of Section 6(f)(i) and (II) if Executive executes, on or before the Release Expiration Date (as defined below), and does not revoke within the time provided by the Company to do so, a release of all claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (which shall be 
 4 

substantially similar to the form of release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release )), then, provided that Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 
 (A) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount (the Severance Payment equal to the sum of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the date of the termination of Executive s employment (the Termination Date and Executive s Target Annual Bonus as of the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will be divided into 24 substantially equal installments. On the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date, the Company shall pay to Executive, without interest, a number of such installments equal to the number of such installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date had the installments been paid on a biweekly basis commencing on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date coincident with or next following the Termination Date, and each of the remaining installments shall be paid on a biweekly basis thereafter provided , however , that (1) to the extent, if any, that the aggregate amount of the installments of the Severance Payment that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(A) after March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Severance Payment payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess (beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess), and (2) all remaining installments of the Severance Payment, if any, that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(A) after December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be paid with the installment of the Severance Payment, if any, due in December of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (B) All outstanding awards granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date shall immediately become fully vested as of the Termination Date provided , however , that with respect to any such LTIP awards that were granted subject to a performance requirement (other than continued service by Executive) that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board (or a committee thereof) as of the Termination Date, then (1) if the Termination Date occurs within six months prior to the expiration of the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested based on actual performance upon the expiration of such performance period and (2) if the Termination Date occurs at any other time during the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested as of the Termination Date based on target performance. 
 (C) If Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Company s group health plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), similar in the 
 5 

amounts and types of coverage provided by the Company to Executive prior to the Termination Date, then for a period of 12 months following the Termination Date or such earlier date as provided in this Section 6(f)(ii)(C), the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the entire amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage provided , however , that Executive s rights to such reimbursements under this Section 6(f)(ii)(C) shall terminate upon the earlier of (1) the time Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that Executive becomes so eligible) or (2) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(C) to the contrary, (x) the election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain Executive s sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (y) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 6(f)(ii)(C) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse impact on the Company, then the Company and Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to Executive without such adverse impact on the Company. 
 For purposes of this Section 6(f)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(f)(ii)(C)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(f)(ii)(C) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. 
 (iii) Executive acknowledges Executive s understanding that if the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by Executive, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6(f)(ii). As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to Executive (which shall occur no later than seven days after the Termination Date) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. 
 (g) Meaning of Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered to have terminated employment with the Company when Executive incurs a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code provided , however , that whether such a separation from service has occurred shall be determined based upon a reasonably anticipated permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services to be performed to no more than 25 of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding 36 months. 
 7. Conflicts of Interest Disclosure of Opportunities . Executive agrees that Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware of such conflict. Executive further agrees that, throughout the Employment Period and for one year after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, Executive shall offer to the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, all business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, 
 6 

process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets, regardless of where such business opportunities arise. 
 8. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive has been provided with and had access to (and, during the Employment Period, Executive will continue to be provided with, and have access to) valuable Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of Executive s receipt of and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable consideration provided hereunder, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive agrees to comply with this Section 8. 
 (a) Executive covenants and agrees, both during the Employment Period and thereafter that, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by directive of the Board, Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any Person and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the physical security of all documents and other material containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which the Confidential Information is stored). The covenants in this Section 8(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to Executive during the Employment Period. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 8(a), Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information 
 (i) disclosures to other executives or employees of the Company or its Affiliates who have a need to know the information in connection with the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
 (ii) disclosures and uses that are incidental to Executive s provision of services to the Company and its Affiliates consistent with the terms of this Agreement or that are approved by the Board 
 (iii) disclosures for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulatory requirements or 
 (iv) disclosures that Executive is legally compelled to make by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or similar process, or otherwise by law. 
 (c) Upon the end of Executive s employment with the Company and at any other time upon request of the Company, Executive shall surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and other material of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information in Executive s possession and shall not retain any such document or other material. Within 10 days of any such request, Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. 
 (d) All non-public information, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made, developed, or acquired by Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or properties, products, or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, business plans, trade secrets, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and sales 
 7 

data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) is defined as Confidential Information. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voicemail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models, and all other writings or materials of any type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its Affiliates and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (e) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities, (iii) testifying, participating, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) is made to Executive s attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law, or (z) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does this Agreement require Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company or its Affiliates before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 8(e), or to notify the Company or its Affiliates that Executive has engaged in any such conduct. 
 9. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) The Company shall continue to provide Executive access to Confidential Information for use only during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting Executive, in Executive s unique and special capacity, with continuing to develop the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the continued access to Confidential Information, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 9. Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein, including the geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects and are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests, including the preservation of its Confidential Information and goodwill. 
 (b) Executive agrees that, during the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of whatever nature 
 (i) engage or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company in any business in which either the Company or its Protected Affiliates engaged in, or had plans to become engaged in of which Executive was aware during the 
 8 

period of Executive s employment with the Company or the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, which business includes the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets (the Business ). As used herein, the term Protected Affiliates means any Affiliate of the Company for which Executive provided services during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, or about which Executive obtained Confidential Information during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (ii) appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or its Affiliates located in the Market Area, or engage in any activity that is detrimental to the Company or its Affiliates or that limits the Company s or an Affiliate s ability to fully exploit such Business Opportunities or prevents the benefits of such Business Opportunities from accruing to the Company or its Affiliates or 
 (iii) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate his or her employment therewith. 
 (c) Timeframe of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement . Executive agrees that the covenants of this Section 9 shall be enforceable during the period that Executive is employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the date that Executive is no longer employed by the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination. 
 (d) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company and its Affiliates as a result of a breach of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that could be caused to the Company and its Affiliates for which they would have no other adequate remedy, Executive agrees that the foregoing covenant may be enforced by the Company and its Affiliates, in the event of breach by Executive, by injunctions and restraining orders and that such enforcement shall not be the Company s and its Affiliates exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and its Affiliates, both at law and in equity. 
 (e) The covenants in this Section 9 are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant (or any portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or any portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, as applicable, shall determine that the scope, time, or territorial restrictions set forth in this Section 9 are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent that the court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and this Agreement shall thereby be reformed. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 9, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (i) Business Opportunity shall mean any commercial, investment, or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (ii) Market Area shall mean any location or geographic area within 75 miles of a location where the Company or its Affiliates conducts Business, or has plans to conduct Business of which Executive is aware, during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (g) All of the covenants in this Section 9 shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of 
 9 

action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. 
 10. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Executive agrees that the Company or its applicable Affiliate shall own, and Executive hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, and information authored, created, contributed to, made, or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive during the period that Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates that either (a) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, or development, to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Company s time or with the use of any of the Company s or its Affiliates equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property ), and Executive will promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of Executive s works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period that Executive is or has been employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in the scope of Executive s employment shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Executive agrees to perform, during and after the Employment Period, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist the Company or its applicable Affiliate, at the Company s or such Affiliate s expense, in obtaining and enforcing its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property. 
 11. Arbitration . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(d), any dispute, controversy, or claim between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or services provided to any Affiliate of the Company will be finally settled by arbitration in New York, New York before, and in accordance with the rules for the resolution of employment disputes then in effect of, the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 
 (b) Any arbitration conducted under this Section 11 shall be heard by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected in accordance with the then-applicable rules of the AAA. The Arbitrator shall expeditiously (and, if possible, within 90 days after the selection of the Arbitrator) hear and decide all matters concerning the dispute. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the Arbitrator shall have the power to (i) gather such materials, information, testimony, and evidence as the Arbitrator deems relevant to the dispute before him or her (and each party will provide such materials, information, testimony, and evidence requested by the Arbitrator, except to the extent any information so requested is proprietary, subject to a third-party confidentiality restriction, or to an attorney-client or other privilege), and (ii) grant injunctive relief and enforce specific performance. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be rendered in writing, be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction provided that the parties agree that the Arbitrator and any court enforcing the award of the Arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to any disputing party. 
 10 

(c) Each side shall share equally the cost of the arbitration and bear its own costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with any arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that compelling reasons exist for allocating all or a portion of such costs and fees to the other side. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 11(a), an application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief by either party (including any such application to enforce the provisions of Sections 8, 9, or 10 herein) shall not be subject to arbitration under this Section 11 provided , however , that the remainder of any such dispute (beyond the application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief) shall be subject to arbitration under this Section. 
 (e) By entering into this Agreement and entering into the arbitration provisions of this Section 11, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from (i) instituting litigation to enforce any arbitration award or (ii) joining another party to this Agreement in a litigation initiated by a person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement. 
 12. Defense of Claims . Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period and thereafter, upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive will cooperate with the Company or its Affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliates that relate to Executive s actual or prior areas of responsibility, except if Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliate(s), as applicable, in such claim or action. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for all of Executive s reasonable travel and other direct expenses incurred, or to be reasonably incurred, to comply with Executive s obligations under this Section 12, provided Executive provides reasonable documentation of same and obtains the Company s prior approval for incurring such expenses. 
 13. Withholdings . The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal, state, local, and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive. 
 14. Title and Headings Construction . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all Exhibits or Attachments referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term, or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term, or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term, or matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument, or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, modified, and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. 
 11 

15. Applicable Law Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 11 above and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. 
 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 16, all understandings and agreements preceding the Amendment Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof (including the Prior Agreement) are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect, and this Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, that purport to govern the terms of Executive s employment (including Executive s compensation) with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Prior Agreement is hereby terminated and has been satisfied in full, as has any other employment agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. In entering into this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received all sums and compensation that Executive has been owed, is owed, or ever could be owed pursuant to the agreement(s) referenced in the previous sentence and for services provided to the Company and any of its Affiliates through the date that Executive signs this Agreement, with the exception of any unpaid base salary for the pay period that includes the date on which Executive signs this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 16 to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not supersede or replace, but instead complements and is in addition to, all equity compensation agreements between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto. 
 17. Waiver of Breach . Any waiver of this Agreement must be executed by the party to be bound by such waiver. No waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party hereto to take any action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 18. Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Executive, and neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferred by Executive. The Company may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor (whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the equity, assets, or businesses of the Company, if such Affiliate or successor expressly agrees to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor or any of its Affiliates (including to EVA or any EVA subsidiary) including in conjunction with any corporate restructuring, simplification, or reorganization. In the event of any such assignment, the Company s assignee shall have all rights and obligations of, and shall be deemed to be, the Company hereunder. 
 19. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates is defined as any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under 
 12 

Common Control with , means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, Control shall be deemed to exist when a person or entity possesses, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries (a) in the case of a corporation, more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities thereof, (b) in the case of a limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, or joint venture, the right to more than 50 of the distributions therefrom (including liquidating distributions), or (c) in the case of any other person or entity, more than 50 of the economic or beneficial interest therein. 
 20. Notices . Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed, in each case, to the following address, as applicable 
 (1) If to the Company, addressed to 
 Enviva Management Company, LLC 7272 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 1800 Bethesda, MD 20814 Attention General Counsel 
 (2) If to Executive, addressed to the most recent address the Company has in its employment records for Executive. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or .pdf or similar electronic format, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto. 
 22. Deemed Resignations . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Executive prior to the termination of Executive s employment, any termination of Executive s employment shall constitute (a) an automatic resignation of Executive as an officer of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, (b) an automatic resignation of Executive from the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, and (c) an automatic resignation from the board of directors or any similar governing body of any corporation, limited liability entity, or other entity in which the Company or any Affiliate holds an equity interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves as the Company s or such Affiliate s designee or other representative (if applicable). 
 23. Effect of Termination . The provisions of Sections 6(f), 7-12, 22, and 24 and those provisions necessary to interpret and enforce them, shall survive any termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 24. Third-Party Beneficiaries . Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third-party beneficiary of Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 22 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 
 25. Severability . Subject to Section 9(e), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) is invalid or 
 13 

unenforceable, then the invalidity or unenforceability of that provision (or part thereof) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement, and all other provisions (or part thereof) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 26. Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if Executive s receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of Executive s death or (ii) the date that is six months after the Termination Date (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date ), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 The remainder of this page was left blank intentionally the signature page follows. 
 14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Executive and the Company each have caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, effective for all purposes as provided above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

Yanina A. Kravtsova 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY , LLC 

By 
 Roxanne B. Klein 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated 
 Employment Agreement (Yanina A. Kravtsova) 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This Release Agreement (this Agreement constitutes the release referred to in that certain Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated as of June 23, 2022, by and between Yanina A. Kravtsova Executive and Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s provision of certain severance payments (or a portion thereof) to Executive in accordance with Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby releases, discharges, and forever acquits (A) the Company, its subsidiaries and all of its other Affiliates, (B) EVA, its subsidiaries, and all of its other Affiliates, and (C) the past, present, and future stockholders, officers, members, partners, directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns of the entities specified in clauses (A) and (B) above, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executive s employment with any Company Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date of the execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, (1) any alleged violation through the date of this Agreement of (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended (v) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as amended (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (viii) the National Labor Relations Act, as amended (ix) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (x) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (xi) any federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law (xii) any federal, state, or local wage and hour law (xiii) any other local, state, or federal law, regulation, or ordinance and (xiv) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim (2) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to a Released Claim (3) any and all rights, benefits, or claims Executive may have under any employment contract, incentive compensation plan, or equity incentive plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party except as expressly provided (I) in Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (II) pursuant to the terms of any equity compensation agreement between Executive and a Company Party (including any Award Agreement (as defined in the LTIP) relating to an award granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP), and (4) any claim for compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in the Employment Agreement or any equity compensation agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). In no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim that arises after the date Executive signs this Agreement, (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan or equity compensation plan, or (c) any claims for contractual payments under Section 5(a) or Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration recited in the first sentence of this paragraph, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived. By signing this Agreement, Executive is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Executive s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Executive s estate, is also bound by this Agreement. This release also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Executive may have a right or benefit. Notwithstanding the release of liability contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the 
 EXHIBIT A-1 

validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency, authority, or commission (each, a Governmental Agency or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency. Executive understands that this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Governmental Agency (including by providing documents or other information to a Governmental Agency) without notice to the Company or any other Company Party. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Agency for information provided to a Governmental Agency. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT , INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY , OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES. 
 (b) Executive agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit or arbitration proceeding against any of the Company Parties in any court relating to any of the Released Claims. Executive represents that Executive has not brought or joined any lawsuit or filed any charge or claim against any of the Company Parties in any court or before any government agency and has made no assignment of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against any of the Company Parties to any person or entity, in each case, with respect to any Released Claims. 
 (c) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that 
 (i) Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
 (ii) Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company to be added if 45 days applies , and Executive acknowledges that attached to this Agreement are (1) a list of the positions and ages of those employees selected for termination (or participation in the exit incentive or other employment termination program) (2) a list of the ages of those employees not selected for termination (or participation in such program) and (3) information about the unit affected by the employment termination program of which Executive s termination was a part, including any eligibility factors for such program and any time limits applicable to such program 
 (iii) Executive has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, that Executive may, at Executive s option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executive s choice and that Executive has had adequate opportunity to do so 
 (iv) Executive fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein and Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily, and of Executive s own free will, and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (v) With the exception of any sums that Executive may be owed pursuant to Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Executive was entitled during the period of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 EXHIBIT A-2 

Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the Company before 11 59 p.m., New York, New York time, on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio . No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Executive in the foregoing manner. 
 Executed on this _____ day of ___________, ____. 

Yanina A. Kravtsova 

EXHIBIT A-3 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.24>
 8
 exhibit1024letteragreement.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.24 

 EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT 
 This Executive Retention Agreement (this Agreement is made by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company and Thomas Meth Executive and is entered into as of November 8, 2023 (the Effective Date pursuant to the Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 1. Purpose . The Company recognizes the important goal of retaining Executive as an employee of the Company, and, in furtherance of that goal, the Company wishes to provide financial incentives for Executive to remain an employee for the period of time specified in this Agreement and to continue to perform in a highly effective manner and contribute to the success of the Company and its affiliates. Except to the extent otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning given them in the Employment Agreement, as amended from time to time, between Executive and the Company. 
 2. Retention Bonus . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to 500,000 (the Retention Bonus ), less applicable taxes, deductions, and withholdings, which amount shall be payable in a single lump sum cash payment as soon as practicable following the Effective Date but in no event later than the date that is 30 days following the Effective Date. 
 3. Clawback . In the event that Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates, collectively, is terminated prior to the Retention Date (as defined below) by (a) the Company for Cause or (b) Executive other than for Good Reason (including retirement), Executive shall repay to the Company, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the Retention Bonus, less any amounts withheld by the Company for income and employment taxes, within thirty (30) days following the date of Executive s termination of employment and, in order to satisfy such repayment, Executive agrees that the Company may offset against, and Executive authorizes the Company to deduct from, any payments due to Executive, or to Executive s estate, heirs, legal representatives or successors provided that, no such offset shall result in a violation of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates is terminated either (x) prior to the Retention Date by (i) the Company without Cause, (ii) Executive for Good Reason, or (iii) the Company or Executive due to Executive s death or Disability, or (y) on or following the Retention Date for any reason or no reason at all, Executive shall not be required to repay the Retention Bonus. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason has the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement, except that it shall exclude any diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities in relation to Executive s removal as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Enviva Inc. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the term Retention Date means July 23, 2024. 
 4. Release . In exchange for the promises of the Company set forth in this Agreement, the sufficiency of which Executive acknowledges, Executive, with the intention of binding Executive and Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, does hereby 
 1 

release, remise, acquit and forever discharge the Company and its subsidiaries, its and their present and former officers, directors, shareholders, agents, attorneys, employees, and employee benefit plans (and the fiduciaries thereof), and the successors, predecessors, and assigns of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Company Released Parties ), of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, complaints, charges, demands, rights, damages, debts, sums of money, accounts, financial obligations, suits, expenses, attorneys fees, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity, or otherwise, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated, or otherwise and whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which Executive, individually or as a member of a class, now has, owns, or holds, or has at any time heretofore had, owned, or held, arising on or prior to the date hereof, against any Company Released Party (collectively, the Released Claims provided that this Section 4 shall not waive Executive s existing rights to (a) accrued compensation or benefits, (b) any claims or rights arising after the date that Executive signs this Agreement, or (c) indemnification and advancement of expenses in connection with, arising from, or related in any way to actions or omissions in Executive s capacity as a director, officer, employee, agent, or other capacity for the Company or any of its affiliates or any other entity at the direction of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, indemnification and advancement of expenses pursuant to the Company s bylaws, certificate of incorporation, or other policies or agreements. 
 Notwithstanding this release of liability, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim, including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement, with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or comparable state or local agency, or participating in (or cooperating with) any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or comparable state or local agency however, Executive understands and agrees that Executive is waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary or personal relief or recovery as a result of such EEOC or comparable state or local agency proceeding or subsequent legal actions. Further, in no event shall the Released Claims include (i) any claim that first arises after the date this Agreement is executed by Executive, including any claim to enforce Executive's rights under this Agreement (ii) any claim to any vested benefits under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or (iii) any right to receive an award for information provided to any governmental authorities. By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge that the Company has advised you to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement, and in particular in relation to the Released Claims. 
 5. Not a Contract of Employment . This Agreement is not a contract of employment and does not guarantee Executive employment for any specified period of time. 
 6. Waiver . No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and such officer (other than Executive) as may be specifically designated by Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 2 

7. Choice of Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles of such state. 
 8. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. 
 9. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Company and Executive relating to the Retention Bonus and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to any retention bonuses provided, however, that this Agreement shall not supersede or modify any other agreements between the Company and Executive. 
 10. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 11. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by pdf or other electronic means), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 12. Assignment Change in Control . The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. The term successors as used in this Agreement shall include any corporation or other business entity which shall by merger, consolidation, purchase, or otherwise, acquire all or substantially all of the business and assets or ownership of the Company, and successors of any such corporations or other business entities. Where appropriate, the term Company as used in this Agreement shall also include any other successor that assumes the Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control prior to the Retention Date, the Agreement shall terminate, and Executive shall not be required to repay the Retention Bonus pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. 
 For purposes of this Section 12 
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions (A) the sale or disposal by Enviva Inc. EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an affiliate of EVA (B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 3 

13. Withholding of Taxes . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city, or other taxes as required pursuant to any law, government regulation, or ruling. 
 14. Other Benefits . The Retention Amount is a special payment to Executive and is not intended to supersede or replace any other compensation payable to Executive and will not be taken into account in computing the amount of salary or compensation for purposes of determining any bonus, incentive, pension or retirement, death, or other benefit under any bonus, incentive, pension or retirement, insurance, or other employee benefit plan of the Company, unless such plan or agreement expressly provides otherwise. 
 15. Legal Expenses . In the event of any claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding relating to Section 3 of this Agreement in which the Company is the prevailing party, the Company shall be entitled to receive, and Executive shall pay upon demand, reasonable attorneys fees and related costs incurred by the Company in connection with the resolution of such claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding. If the Company is not the prevailing party in such a claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding, the Company shall pay Executive upon demand, reasonable attorneys fees and related costs incurred by the Executive in connection with the resolution of such claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding. 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 
 By 
 Name Jason E. Paral 
 Title Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 Thomas Meth 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 9
 exhibit1025incentivebonusa.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.25 
 Execution Version 

 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE BONUS AGREEMENT 
 This Executive Incentive Bonus Agreement (this Agreement is made by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company and Thomas Meth Executive and, together with the Company, the Parties and is entered into as of November 30, 2023 (the Effective Date pursuant to the Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP ). 
 1. Purpose . The Company recognizes the important goal of retaining Executive as an employee of the Company, and, in furtherance of that goal, the Company wishes to provide financial incentives for Executive to remain an employee and to continue to perform in a highly effective manner and contribute to the success of the Company and its affiliates. Except to the extent otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning, as applicable, given them on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement or in the Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, as amended from time to time, between Executive and the Company (the Employment Agreement ). 
 2. Incentive Bonus . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and Executive s continued employment through July 22, 2024 (the Incentive Determination Date ), the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to any applicable Value Creation Bonus and Volume Re-Contracted Bonus, in each case no later than the first payroll date occurring no sooner than 7 days following the Incentive Determination Date and less applicable taxes, deductions, and withholdings provided, however, if agreed by Executive and the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Finance Committee thereof (the Finance Committee that the Company s short-term strategic efforts to increase revenue are ongoing as of the Incentive Determination Date and Executive s continued efforts are ongoing, the Incentive Determination Date may be extended by written agreement of the Parties but not beyond December 31, 2024. 
 3. Clawback . If the Company files for a voluntary bankruptcy or commences an in-court restructuring process (a Bankruptcy within twelve months of the date amounts are paid pursuant to this Agreement, then Executive shall repay to the Company, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the Value Creation Bonus and the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus previously paid to Executive, less any amounts withheld by the Company for income and employment taxes, within thirty (30) days following the date of such filing and, in order to satisfy such repayment, Executive agrees that the Company may offset against, and Executive authorizes the Company to deduct from, any payments due to Executive, or to Executive s estate, heirs, legal representatives or successors provided that, no such offset shall result in a violation of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). In addition, if a Bankruptcy occurs on or prior to the Incentive Determination Date no amounts will be paid or payable under this Agreement. 
 4. Not a Contract of Employment . This Agreement is not a contract of employment and does not guarantee Executive employment for any specified period of time. 
 1 

5. Waiver . No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and the Company. No waiver by either Party at any time of any breach by the other Party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other Party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 6. Choice of Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles of such state. 
 7. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to be exempt from Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with that intent. 
 8. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Company and Executive relating to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to any incentive bonuses. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Value Creation Bonus and the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus are intended to supersede and replace the annual bonus and annual equity awards under the LTIP for calendar years 2023 (to the extent outstanding) and 2024 as contemplated under Sections 3 and 4 of the Employment Agreement, except for purposes of Section 6(f) of the Employment Agreement. Specifically and for the avoidance of doubt, the amounts under this Agreement will not constitute Executive s Annual Bonus or Target Annual Bonus for purposes of Section 6(f)(II)(A)-(C) of the Employment Agreement nor be considered awards granted pursuant to the LTIP for purposes of Section 6(f)(ii)(D) of the Employment Agreement. Except as provided in this Section 9, this Agreement shall not otherwise supersede or modify any other agreements between the Company and Executive. 
 9. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 10. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by pdf or other electronic means), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 11. Assignment . The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. The term successors as used in this Agreement shall include any corporation or other business entity which shall by merger, consolidation, purchase, or otherwise, acquire all or substantially all of the business and assets or ownership of the Company, and successors of any such corporations or other business entities. Where appropriate, the term Company as used in this Agreement shall also include any other successor that assumes the Agreement. 
 2 

12. Withholding of Taxes . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city, or other taxes as required pursuant to any law, government regulation, or ruling. 
 13. Other Benefits . The amounts payable under this Agreement will not be taken into account in computing the amount of salary or compensation for purposes of determining any bonus, incentive, pension or retirement, death, or other benefit under any bonus, incentive, pension or retirement, insurance, or other employee benefit plan of the Company, unless such plan or agreement expressly provides otherwise. 
 14. Legal Expenses . In connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and Executive s transition from Chief Executive Officer and President to President, the Company will reimburse Executive s reasonable and documented legal expenses incurred up to 30,000. In the event of any claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding relating to Section 3 of this Agreement in which the Company is the prevailing party, the Company shall be entitled to receive, and Executive shall pay upon demand, reasonable attorneys fees and related costs incurred by the Company in connection with the resolution of such claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding. If the Company is not the prevailing party in such a claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding, the Company shall pay Executive upon demand, reasonable attorneys fees and related costs incurred by Executive in connection with the resolution of such claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding. 
 
 3 

Exhibit A 

Company Determination means a determination by the Board or Finance Committee with respect to the value of contracts approved by the Board or Finance Committee and signed on or before the Incentive Determination Date, calculated reasonably and in good faith in a manner consistent with the assumptions utilized in the creation of the Company Model, including any signed contracts with objective conditions precedent that are reasonably likely to be satisfied by the end of 2024 (as determined by the Board or Finance Committee reasonably and in good faith). 
 
 Company Model means the business plan prepared for the Company and approved by the Board with the assistance of advisors. 
 
 Enviva means Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 Performance Period means the Year 1 Performance Period, the Year 2 Performance Period, or the Year 3 Performance Period, as applicable. 
 
 Value Creation Bonus means, (i) with respect to the Year 1 Performance Period, an amount equal to the sum of (A) 1.25 of Value Creation in excess of the Year 1 Threshold but not in excess of the Year 1 Hurdle, and (B) 2.5 of Value Creation above the Year 1 Hurdle, (ii) with respect to the Year 2 Performance Period, an amount equal to the sum of (A) 1.25 of Value Creation in excess of the Year 2 Threshold but not in excess of the Year 2 Hurdle, and (B) 2.5 of Value Creation above the Year 2 Hurdle and (iii) with respect to the Year 3 Performance Period, an amount equal to the sum of (A) 1.25 of Value Creation in excess of the Year 3 Threshold but not in excess of the Year 3 Hurdle, and (B) 2.5 of Value Creation above the Year 3 Hurdle. 
 
 Value Creation means increasing contracted profitability with respect to the portfolio of sales contracts held by Enviva and its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Date, as determined using methodologies consistent with the Company Model, by (i) increasing the volume or pricing of wood pellet sales under profitable contracts existing on the Effective Date, (ii) renegotiating contracts existing on the Effective Date to decrease the losses or increase the profits with respect to such contracts, including by re-allocating volumes and shipping arrangements under the applicable agreements, and (iii) replacing contracts existing on the Effective Date with more profitable contracts. Value Creation will not include any short-term or optimization transactions or fees paid by a customer to cancel a shipment nor will the mere cancellation of an unprofitable contract (unless the unprofitable contract is renegotiated or replaced with another contract) constitute increased contracted profitability. Value Creation will be calculated by Company Determination. For purposes of clarity, modifications to any agreements with RWE Supply & Trading GmbH or its affiliates RWE Contracts will not constitute Value Creation. 
 
 4 

Volume Re-Contracted Bonus means an amount equal to 1 per ton of the sum of (A) re-contracted volumes of wood pellets in each Volume Re-Contracted Bonus Period, to the extent a predecessor contract to such contract was in effect with the applicable customer on December 31, 2025, plus (B) volumes of wood pellets in each Volume Re-Contracted Bonus Period under any contracts entered into with a customer that was not a customer of the Company on the Effective Date provided, that the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus will be payable with respect to contracts only if per-ton pricing under the contract is no less than 210 FOB. The Volume Re-Contracted Bonus will be calculated by Company Determination provided, however , that no dollar value associated with the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus will also be included in the Value Creation Bonus and the Company may implement assumptions in calculating the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus to avoid such double-counting and that all contracts included in the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus are approved by the Board or Finance Committee. A Volume Re-Contracted Bonus will only be earned and paid if a Value Creation Bonus is also earned. For purposes of clarity, modifications to any RWE Contracts will not be considered for any purpose in calculating the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus. In no event will the amount payable as the Volume Re-Contracted Bonus be greater than 2,500,000. 
 
 Volume Re-Contracted Bonus Period means, for Asia and Europe, the applicable twelve-month period beginning immediately following the Year 3 Performance Period and each twelve-month period beginning on the anniversary of the day following the last day of the Year 3 Performance Period. 
 
 Year 1 Hurdle means 75,000,000. 
 
 Year 2 Hurdle means 75,000,000. 
 
 Year 3 Hurdle means 75,000,000. 
 
 Year 1 Performance Period means, the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending, with respect to sales to Asia, June 30, 2025, and with respect to sales to Europe, March 31, 2025. 
 
 Year 2 Performance Period means, the applicable twelve-month period ending, with respect to sales to Asia, June 30, 2026, and with respect to sales to Europe, March 31, 2026. 
 
 Year 3 Performance Period means, the applicable twelve-month period ending, with respect to sales to Asia, June 30, 2027, and with respect to sales to Europe, March 31, 2027. 
 
 Year 1 Threshold means 50,000,000. 
 
 Year 2 Threshold means 50,000,000. 
 
 Year 3 Threshold means 50,000,000. 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 
 By 
 Name Jason E. Paral 
 Title Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 Name Thomas Meth 
 
 6 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.34>
 10
 exhibit10342023formofcashr.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.34 

 EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT 
 This Executive Retention Agreement (this Agreement is made by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company and ______ Executive and is entered into as of ______ , 2023 (the Effective Date pursuant to the Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 1. Purpose . The Company recognizes the important goal of retaining Executive as an employee of the Company, and, in furtherance of that goal, the Company wishes to provide financial incentives for Executive to remain an employee for the period of time specified in this Agreement and to continue to perform in a highly effective manner and contribute to the success of the Company and its affiliates. Except to the extent otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning given them in the Employment Agreement, as amended from time to time, between Executive and the Company. 
 2. Retention Bonus . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to ______ (the Retention Bonus ), less applicable taxes, deductions, and withholdings, which amount shall be payable in a single lump sum cash payment as soon as practicable following the Effective Date but in no event later than the date that is 30 days following the Effective Date. 
 3. Clawback . In the event that Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates, collectively, is terminated prior to the Retention Date (as defined below) by (a) the Company for Cause or (b) Executive other than for Good Reason (including retirement), Executive shall repay to the Company, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the Retention Bonus, less any amounts withheld by the Company for income and employment taxes, within thirty (30) days following the date of Executive s termination of employment and, in order to satisfy such repayment, Executive agrees that the Company may offset against, and Executive authorizes the Company to deduct from, any payments due to Executive, or to Executive s estate, heirs, legal representatives or successors provided that, no such offset shall result in a violation of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ). For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Executive s employment with the Company or its affiliates is terminated either (x) prior to the Retention Date by (i) the Company without Cause, (ii) Executive for Good Reason, or (iii) the Company or Executive due to Executive s death or Disability, or (y) on or following the Retention Date for any reason or no reason at all, Executive shall not be required to repay the Retention Bonus. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the term Retention Date means July 23, 2024. 
 4. Release . In exchange for the promises of the Company set forth in this Agreement, the sufficiency of which Executive acknowledges, Executive, with the intention of binding Executive and Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, does hereby release, remise, acquit and forever discharge the Company and its subsidiaries, its and their present and former officers, directors, shareholders, agents, attorneys, employees, and employee benefit plans (and the fiduciaries thereof), and the successors, predecessors, and assigns of each 
 4895-9227-5338v.2 1 

EXHIBIT 10.34 

 of the foregoing (collectively, the Company Released Parties ), of and from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, complaints, charges, demands, rights, damages, debts, sums of money, accounts, financial obligations, suits, expenses, attorneys fees, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity, or otherwise, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated, or otherwise and whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which Executive, individually or as a member of a class, now has, owns, or holds, or has at any time heretofore had, owned, or held, arising on or prior to the date hereof, against any Company Released Party (collectively, the Released Claims provided that this Section 4 shall not waive Executive s existing rights to (a) accrued compensation or benefits, (b) any claims or rights arising after the date that Executive signs this Agreement, or (c) indemnification and advancement of expenses in connection with, arising from, or related in any way to actions or omissions in Executive s capacity as a director, officer, employee, agent, or other capacity for the Company or any of its affiliates or any other entity at the direction of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, indemnification and advancement of expenses pursuant to the Company s bylaws, certificate of incorporation, or other policies or agreements. 
 Notwithstanding this release of liability, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim, including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement, with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or comparable state or local agency, or participating in (or cooperating with) any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or comparable state or local agency however, Executive understands and agrees that Executive is waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary or personal relief or recovery as a result of such EEOC or comparable state or local agency proceeding or subsequent legal actions. Further, in no event shall the Released Claims include (i) any claim that first arises after the date this Agreement is executed by Executive, including any claim to enforce Executive's rights under this Agreement (ii) any claim to any vested benefits under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or (iii) any right to receive an award for information provided to any governmental authorities. By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge that the Company has advised you to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement, and in particular in relation to the Released Claims. 
 5. Not a Contract of Employment . This Agreement is not a contract of employment and does not guarantee Executive employment for any specified period of time. 
 6. Waiver . No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and such officer (other than Executive) as may be specifically designated by Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 7. Choice of Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles of such state. 
 4895-9227-5338v.2 2 

EXHIBIT 10.34 

 8. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. 
 9. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Company and Executive relating to the Retention Bonus and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, discussions, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to any retention bonuses provided, however, that this Agreement shall not supersede or modify any other agreements between the Company and Executive. 
 10. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 11. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by pdf or other electronic means), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 12. Assignment Change in Control . The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. The term successors as used in this Agreement shall include any corporation or other business entity which shall by merger, consolidation, purchase, or otherwise, acquire all or substantially all of the business and assets or ownership of the Company, and successors of any such corporations or other business entities. Where appropriate, the term Company as used in this Agreement shall also include any other successor that assumes the Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control prior to the Retention Date, the Agreement shall terminate, and Executive shall not be required to repay the Retention Bonus pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. 
 For purposes of this Section 12 
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions (A) the sale or disposal by Enviva Inc. EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an affiliate of EVA (B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 13. Withholding of Taxes . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city, or other taxes as required pursuant to any law, government regulation, or ruling. 
 4895-9227-5338v.2 3 

EXHIBIT 10.34 

 14. Other Benefits . The Retention Amount is a special payment to Executive and is not intended to supersede or replace any other compensation payable to Executive and will not be taken into account in computing the amount of salary or compensation for purposes of determining any bonus, incentive, pension or retirement, death, or other benefit under any bonus, incentive, pension or retirement, insurance, or other employee benefit plan of the Company, unless such plan or agreement expressly provides otherwise. 
 15. Legal Expenses . In the event of any claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding relating to Section 3 of this Agreement in which the Company is the prevailing party, the Company shall be entitled to receive, and Executive shall pay upon demand, reasonable attorneys fees and related costs incurred by the Company in connection with the resolution of such claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding. If the Company is not the prevailing party in such a claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding, the Company shall pay Executive upon demand, reasonable attorneys fees and related costs incurred by the Executive in connection with the resolution of such claim, dispute, litigation, arbitration, or other proceeding. 
 4895-9227-5338v.2 4 

EXHIBIT 10.34 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 Name 
 Title 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 11
 exhibit1035employmentagree.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.35 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of November 9, 2023 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Jason E. Paral Executive and supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement entered into as of January 17, 2023 by and between the Company and Executive. 
 1. Employment . During the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and for the duration of the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive shall serve, as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of the Company, Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA ), and such other Affiliates of the Company as may be designated by EVA from time to time. 
 2. Duties and Responsibilities of Executive . 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and will not hold any outside employment or consulting position. Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement will include those normally incidental to the position identified in Section 1, as well as such additional duties as may be assigned to Executive by EVA from time to time. 
 (b) Executive represents and covenants that Executive is not the subject of or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant, non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding, or restriction that would prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect the duties and responsibilities that may now or in the future be assigned to Executive hereunder. 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates fiduciary duties, including duties of care, loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance, such that Executive shall act at all times in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliates and shall not appropriate any business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates for Executive. Executive agrees that the obligations described in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligations Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates under common law. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive may provide services (including as an executive, employee, director, or otherwise) to multiple Affiliates of the Company and, in providing such services, Executive will not be violating Executive s obligations hereunder so long as Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, and 9 below in the course of performing such services. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Amendment Effective Date, Executive s annualized base salary shall be 425,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be provided in consideration for Executive s services under this Agreement, and payable on a not less than 

biweekly basis, in conformity with the Company s customary payroll practices for executives as in effect from time to time provided, however , as soon as reasonably practicable following the date that the parties enter into this Agreement, the Company shall adjust its payroll processing in order to reflect Executive s increased Base Salary that became effective as of the Amendment Effective Date and, on the Company s first payroll date that comes after such adjustment (the Adjustment Date ), the Company shall make a lump sum payment to Executive in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the base salary that he received from the Company for services provided between the Amendment Effective Date and the Adjustment Date, and (ii) the base salary that Executive would have received from the Company for services provided during such period had Executive s base salary been paid at the annualized rate of 425,000. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for discretionary bonus compensation for the 2023 calendar year and each subsequent full calendar year that Executive is employed by the Company hereunder (each, a Bonus Year pursuant to the applicable incentive or bonus compensation plan of the Company, if any, that is applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company (each, an Annual Bonus ). Each Annual Bonus shall have a target value that is not less than 100 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of the Bonus Year to which such Annual Bonus relates (the Target Annual Bonus provided, however , that the Target Annual Bonus for the 2023 calendar year shall have a target value of not less than 305,250. The performance targets that must be achieved in order to realize certain bonus levels shall be established by the board of directors of EVA (the Board or a committee thereof annually, in its sole discretion, and communicated to Executive in accordance with terms of the applicable incentive or bonus plan. Each Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the Board or a committee thereof certifies whether the applicable performance targets for the applicable Bonus Year have been achieved, but in no event later than March 15 following the end of such Bonus Year. 
 (c) Long-Term Incentive Plan . With respect to the 2024 calendar year and each subsequent calendar year during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual awards under the EVA equity compensation plan as in effect from time to time (the LTIP with a target value equal to 200 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of such calendar year (the Target Annual LTIP Award ). All awards granted to Executive under the LTIP, if any, shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board, or a committee thereof, shall determine from time to time and shall be subject to and governed by the terms and provisions of the LTIP as in effect from time to time and the award agreements evidencing such awards. Nothing herein shall be construed to give Executive any rights to any amount or type of grant or award except as provided in such award to Executive provided in writing and authorized by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 4. Term of Employment . The current term of Executive s employment under this Agreement is the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date (the Current Term ). On the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date, the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew and extend for a period of 12 months (each such 12-month period being a Renewal Term unless written notice of non-renewal is delivered by either party to the other not less than 60 days prior 
 2 

to the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6. The period from the Amendment Effective Date through the expiration of this Agreement or, if sooner, the termination of Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the time or reason for such termination, shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period. 
 5. Reimbursement of Business Expenses Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following reimbursements and benefits during the Employment Period 
 (a) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable business-related expenses incurred in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement provided that Executive timely submits all documentation for such reimbursement, as required by Company policy in effect from time-to-time. Any reimbursement of expenses under this Section 5(a) or Section 12 shall be made by the Company upon or as soon as practicable following receipt of supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company (but in any event not later than the close of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense is incurred by Executive) provided , however , that, upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, in no event shall any additional reimbursement be made prior to the date that is six months after the date of such termination (or, if earlier, prior to the date of Executive s death) to the extent such payment delay is required under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code. In no event shall any reimbursement be made to Executive for such expenses incurred after the date that is five years after the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive is not permitted to receive a payment in lieu of reimbursement under this Section 5(a) or Section 12. 
 (b) Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time. The Company shall not, by reason of this Section 5(b), be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any such plan or policy, so long as such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated Company employees generally. 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Company s Right to Terminate Executive s Employment for Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean Executive s 
 (i) material breach of any policy established by the Company or any of its Affiliates that (x) pertains to health and safety and (y) is applicable to Executive 
 3 

(ii) engaging in acts of disloyalty to the Company or its Affiliates, including fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony, or proven dishonesty or 
 (iii) willful misconduct in the performance of, or willful failure to perform a material function of, Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 (b) Company s Right to Terminate for Convenience . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment without Cause, at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. 
 (c) Executive s Right to Terminate for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities 
 (ii) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary, Target Annual Bonus, or Target Annual LTIP Award 
 (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 100 miles from the location of Executive s principal place of employment as of the Amendment Effective Date or 
 (iv) the Company s delivery of a written notice of non-renewal of this Agreement to Executive. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (A) the condition described in Section 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) giving rise to Executive s termination of Executive s employment must have arisen without Executive s written consent (B) Executive must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within 30 days of the date on which Executive knew of the existence of the condition (C) the condition specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company and (D) the date of Executive s termination of Executive s employment must occur within 30 days after the end of such cure period. 
 (d) Death or Disability . Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the death or Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a Disability shall mean Executive is or would be entitled to receive income replacement benefits as determined in accordance with the Company s then-current long-term disability policy, whether or not Executive is covered by such policy (or, if the Company has no long-term disability policy, then Disability shall instead mean that Executive has become disabled within the meaning of Section 409A (as defined below), as determined in the discretion of the Company). 
 4 

(e) Executive s Right to Terminate for Convenience . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company for convenience at any time upon 60 days advance written notice to the Company provided that if Executive provides a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 6(e), the Company may designate an earlier termination date than that specified in Executive s notice. The Company s designation of such an earlier date will not change the nature of Executive s termination, which will still be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive pursuant to this Section 6(e). 
 (f) Mutual Agreement to Terminate . The Company and Executive may agree to terminate Executive s employment by mutual written agreement at any time pursuant to the terms of such mutual written agreement. 
 (g) Effect of Termination . 
 (i) If Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate (1) pursuant to Section 4 at the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, as a result of a non-renewal of this Agreement by Executive or (2) pursuant to Section 6(a), 6(e), or 6(f), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Executive shall be entitled to (x) payment of all earned, but unpaid Base Salary within 30 days of Executive s last day of employment, or earlier if required by law, (y) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with Section 5(a) and Section 12, and (z) benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy described in Section 5(b). 
 (ii) If Executive s employment terminates (1) pursuant to Section 6(b) or 6(c) or (2) due to Executive s death or Disability pursuant to Section 6(d), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that (I) Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in clauses (x) through (z) of Section 6(g)(i) and (II) if Executive executes, on or before the Release Expiration Date (as defined below), and does not revoke within the time provided by the Company to do so, a release of all claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (which shall be substantially similar to the form of release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release )), then, provided that Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 
 (A) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount (the Severance Payment equal to the product of (x) 1.0 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined below), 1.5) and (y) the sum of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the date of the termination of Executive s employment (the Termination Date and Executive s Target Annual Bonus as of the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will be divided into 24 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 36) substantially equal installments. On the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date, the Company shall pay to Executive, without interest, a 
 5 

number of such installments equal to the number of such installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date had the installments been paid on a biweekly basis commencing on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date coincident with or next following the Termination Date, and each of the remaining installments shall be paid on a biweekly basis thereafter provided , however , that (1) to the extent, if any, that the aggregate amount of the installments of the Severance Payment that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(A) after March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Severance Payment payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess (beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess), and (2) all remaining installments of the Severance Payment, if any, that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(A) after December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be paid with the installment of the Severance Payment, if any, due in December of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (B) To the extent Executive s Annual Bonus payable with respect to service in the year preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs remains unpaid as of the Termination Date, such Annual Bonus will be paid based on actual performance at the time annual bonuses for such prior year are paid to executives of the Company generally (but no later than March 15 following the end of such prior year). 
 (C) The Company shall pay to Executive a pro-rated Annual Bonus attributable to service performed by the Executive for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (pro-rated for the period beginning on the first day of the Bonus Year and ending on the Termination Date) (the Pro-rated Bonus ). The Pro-rated Bonus will be paid at the time annual bonuses are paid to executives of the Company generally (but no later than March 15 of the year following the Termination Date) and will be determined based on target levels with respect to any individual performance metrics and actual performance with respect to any metrics tied to EVA or any subsidiary or other financial or non-individual metrics. 
 (D) All outstanding awards granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date shall immediately become fully vested as of the Termination Date provided , 
 6 

however , that with respect to any such LTIP awards that were granted subject to a performance requirement (other than continued service by Executive) that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board (or a committee thereof) as of the Termination Date, then (1) if the Termination Date occurs within six months prior to the expiration of the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested based on actual performance upon the expiration of such performance period (determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the LTIP) and (2) if the Termination Date occurs at any other time during the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested as of the Termination Date based on target performance (determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the LTIP). All outstanding awards granted pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date and do not vest pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall be automatically forfeited. 
 (E) If Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Company s group health plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), similar in the amounts and types of coverage provided by the Company to Executive prior to the Termination Date, then during the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below), the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the entire amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage COBRA Benefit ). Each payment of the COBRA Benefit shall be paid to Executive on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which Executive submits to the Company documentation of the applicable premium payment having been paid by Executive, which documentation shall be submitted by Executive to the Company within 30 days following the date on which the applicable premium payment is paid. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(E) to the contrary, (x) the election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain Executive s sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (y) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 6(g)(ii)(E) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse impact on the Company, then the Company and Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to Executive without such adverse impact on the Company. 
 As used herein, the COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the period beginning on the first day of the first calendar month following the Termination Date and continuing for a number of months thereafter equal to 12 months (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 18 months) provided, however , that the COBRA Continuation Period shall immediately terminate upon the earlier of (1) the time 
 7 

Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that Executive becomes so eligible) or (2) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. For purposes of this Section 6(g)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(g)(ii)(E)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(g)(ii)(E) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. 
 (iii) Executive acknowledges Executive s understanding that if the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by Executive, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii). As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to Executive (which shall occur no later than seven days after the Termination Date) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions 
 (A) the sale or disposal by EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an Affiliate of EVA 
 (B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or 
 (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 (h) Meaning of Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered to have terminated employment with the Company when Executive incurs a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code provided , however , that whether such a separation from service has occurred shall be determined based upon a reasonably anticipated permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services to be performed to no more than 25 of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding 36 months. 
 8 

7. Conflicts of Interest Disclosure of Opportunities . Executive agrees that Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware of such conflict. Executive further agrees that, throughout the Employment Period and for one year after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, Executive shall offer to the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, all business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets, regardless of where such business opportunities arise. 
 8. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive has been provided with and had access to (and, during the Employment Period, Executive will continue to be provided with, and have access to) valuable Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of Executive s receipt of and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable consideration provided hereunder, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive agrees to comply with this Section 8. 
 (a) Executive covenants and agrees, both during the Employment Period and thereafter that, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by directive of the Board, Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the physical security of all documents and other material containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which the Confidential Information is stored). The covenants in this Section 8(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to Executive during the Employment Period. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 8(a), Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information 
 (i) disclosures to other executives or employees of the Company or its Affiliates who have a need to know the information in connection with the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
 (ii) disclosures and uses that are incidental to Executive s provision of services to the Company and its Affiliates consistent with the terms of this Agreement or that are approved by the Board 
 (iii) disclosures for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulatory requirements or 
 (iv) disclosures that Executive is legally compelled to make by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or similar process, or otherwise by law. 
 (c) Upon the end of Executive s employment with the Company and at any other time upon request of the Company, Executive shall surrender and deliver to the Company 
 9 

all documents (including electronically stored information) and other material of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information in Executive s possession and shall not retain any such document or other material. Within 10 days of any such request, Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. 
 (d) All non-public information, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made, developed, or acquired by Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or properties, products, or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, business plans, trade secrets, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) is defined as Confidential Information. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voicemail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models, and all other writings or materials of any type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its Affiliates and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (e) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities, (iii) testifying, participating, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) is made to Executive s attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law, or (z) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does this Agreement require Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company or its Affiliates before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 8(e), or to notify the Company or its Affiliates that Executive has engaged in any such conduct. 
 10 

9. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) The Company shall continue to provide Executive access to Confidential Information for use only during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting Executive, in Executive s unique and special capacity, with continuing to develop the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the continued access to Confidential Information, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 9. Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein, including the geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects and are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests, including the preservation of its Confidential Information and goodwill. 
 (b) Executive agrees that, during the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of whatever nature 
 (i) engage or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company in any business in which either the Company or its Protected Affiliates engaged in, or had plans to become engaged in of which Executive was aware during the period of Executive s employment with the Company or the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, which business includes the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets (the Business ). As used herein, the term Protected Affiliates means any Affiliate of the Company for which Executive provided services during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, or about which Executive obtained Confidential Information during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (ii) appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or its Affiliates located in the Market Area, or engage in any activity that is detrimental to the Company or its Affiliates or that limits the Company s or an Affiliate s ability to fully exploit such Business Opportunities or prevents the benefits of such Business Opportunities from accruing to the Company or its Affiliates or 
 (iii) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate his or her employment therewith. 
 (c) Timeframe of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement . Executive agrees that the covenants of this Section 9 shall be enforceable during the period that Executive is employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the date that Executive is no longer employed by the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination. 
 (d) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company and its Affiliates as a result of a breach of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate 
 11 

and irreparable damage that could be caused to the Company and its Affiliates for which they would have no other adequate remedy, Executive agrees that the foregoing covenant may be enforced by the Company and its Affiliates, in the event of breach by Executive, by injunctions and restraining orders and that such enforcement shall not be the Company s and its Affiliates exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and its Affiliates, both at law and in equity. 
 (e) The covenants in this Section 9 are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant (or any portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or any portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, as applicable, shall determine that the scope, time, or territorial restrictions set forth in this Section 9 are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent that the court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and this Agreement shall thereby be reformed. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 9, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (i) Business Opportunity shall mean any commercial, investment, or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (ii) Market Area shall mean any location or geographic area within 75 miles of a location where the Company or its Affiliates conducts Business, or has plans to conduct Business of which Executive is aware, during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (g) All of the covenants in this Section 9 shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. 
 10. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Executive agrees that the Company or its applicable Affiliate shall own, and Executive hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, and information authored, created, contributed to, made, or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive during the period that Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates that either (a) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, or development, to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Company s time or with the use of any of the Company s or its Affiliates equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property ), and Executive will promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of Executive s works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period that Executive is or has been employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in the scope of Executive s employment 
 12 

shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Executive agrees to perform, during and after the Employment Period, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist the Company or its applicable Affiliate, at the Company s or such Affiliate s expense, in obtaining and enforcing its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property. 
 11. Arbitration . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(d), any dispute, controversy, or claim between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or services provided to any Affiliate of the Company will be finally settled by arbitration in New York, New York before, and in accordance with the rules for the resolution of employment disputes then in effect of, the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 
 (b) Any arbitration conducted under this Section 11 shall be heard by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected in accordance with the then-applicable rules of the AAA. The Arbitrator shall expeditiously (and, if possible, within 90 days after the selection of the Arbitrator) hear and decide all matters concerning the dispute. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the Arbitrator shall have the power to (i) gather such materials, information, testimony, and evidence as the Arbitrator deems relevant to the dispute before him or her (and each party will provide such materials, information, testimony, and evidence requested by the Arbitrator, except to the extent any information so requested is proprietary, subject to a third-party confidentiality restriction, or to an attorney-client or other privilege), and (ii) grant injunctive relief and enforce specific performance. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be rendered in writing, be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction provided that the parties agree that the Arbitrator and any court enforcing the award of the Arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to any disputing party. 
 (c) Each side shall share equally the cost of the arbitration and bear its own costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with any arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that compelling reasons exist for allocating all or a portion of such costs and fees to the other side. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 11(a), an application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief by either party (including any such application to enforce the provisions of Sections 8, 9, or 10 herein) shall not be subject to arbitration under this Section 11 provided , however , that the remainder of any such dispute (beyond the application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief) shall be subject to arbitration under this Section. 
 13 

(e) By entering into this Agreement and entering into the arbitration provisions of this Section 11, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from (i) instituting litigation to enforce any arbitration award or (ii) joining another party to this Agreement in a litigation initiated by a person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement. 
 12. Defense of Claims . Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period and thereafter, upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive will cooperate with the Company or its Affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliates that relate to Executive s actual or prior areas of responsibility, except if Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliate(s), as applicable, in such claim or action. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for all of Executive s reasonable travel and other direct expenses incurred, or to be reasonably incurred, to comply with Executive s obligations under this Section 12, provided Executive provides reasonable documentation of same and obtains the Company s prior approval for incurring such expenses. 
 13. Withholdings . The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal, state, local, and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive. 
 14. Title and Headings Construction . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all Exhibits or Attachments referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term, or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term, or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term, or matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument, or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, modified, and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. 
 15. Applicable Law Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 11 above and 
 14 

recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. 
 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 16, all understandings and agreements preceding the Amendment Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof (including the Prior Agreement) are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect, and this Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, that purport to govern the terms of Executive s employment (including Executive s compensation) with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Prior Agreement is hereby terminated and has been satisfied in full, as has any other employment agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. In entering into this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received all sums and compensation that Executive has been owed, is owed, or ever could be owed pursuant to the agreement(s) referenced in the previous sentence and for services provided to the Company and any of its Affiliates through the date that Executive signs this Agreement, with the exception of any unpaid base salary for the pay period that includes the date on which Executive signs this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 16 to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not supersede or replace, but instead complements and is in addition to, all equity compensation agreements between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto. 
 17. Waiver of Breach . Any waiver of this Agreement must be executed by the party to be bound by such waiver. No waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party hereto to take any action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 18. Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Executive, and neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferred by Executive. The Company may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor (whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the equity, assets, or businesses of the Company, if such Affiliate or successor expressly agrees to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor or any of its Affiliates (including to EVA or any EVA subsidiary) including in conjunction with any corporate restructuring, simplification, or reorganization. In the event of any such assignment, the Company s assignee shall have all rights and obligations of, and shall be deemed to be, the Company hereunder. 
 15 

19. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates is defined as any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under Common Control with , means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, Control shall be deemed to exist when a person or entity possesses, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries (a) in the case of a corporation, more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities thereof, (b) in the case of a limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, or joint venture, the right to more than 50 of the distributions therefrom (including liquidating distributions), or (c) in the case of any other person or entity, more than 50 of the economic or beneficial interest therein. 
 20. Notices . Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed, in each case, to the following address, as applicable 
 (a) If to the Company, addressed to 
 Enviva Management Company, LLC 7272 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 1800 Bethesda, MD 20814 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) If to Executive, addressed to the most recent address the Company has in its employment records for Executive. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or .pdf or similar electronic format, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto. 
 22. Deemed Resignations . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Executive prior to the termination of Executive s employment, any termination of Executive s employment shall constitute (a) an automatic resignation of Executive as an officer of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, (b) an automatic resignation of Executive from the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, and (c) an automatic resignation from the board of directors or any similar governing body of any corporation, limited liability entity, or other entity in which the Company or any Affiliate holds an equity interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves as the Company s or such Affiliate s designee or other representative (if applicable). 
 16 

23. Effect of Termination . The provisions of Sections 6(g), 7-12, 22, and 24 and those provisions necessary to interpret and enforce them, shall survive any termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 24. Third-Party Beneficiaries . Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third-party beneficiary of Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 22 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 
 25. Severability . Subject to Section 9(e), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) is invalid or unenforceable, then the invalidity or unenforceability of that provision (or part thereof) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement, and all other provisions (or part thereof) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 26. Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if Executive s receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of Executive s death or (ii) the date that is six months after the Termination Date (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date ), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 27. Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive awards granted hereunder and under any other agreement or arrangement with the Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, in each case which are subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, are subject to EVA s Policy on Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and Clawback of Compensation Related to Misconduct and any other written clawback policies that the Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, as applicable, may adopt either prior to or following the Amendment Effective Date, whether or not required pursuant to or related to any such applicable law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirements. Any such clawback policy may subject Executive s incentive awards and amounts received with respect to any incentive awards to reduction, cancelation, forfeiture, or recoupment if certain specified events occur, including an accounting restatement, or other events or wrongful conduct specified in any such clawback policy. The Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, as applicable, 
 17 

will make any determination for reduction, cancelation, forfeiture, or recoupment in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation. 
 The remainder of this page was left blank intentionally the signature page follows. 
 18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Executive and the Company each have caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, effective for all purposes as provided above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

Jason E. Paral 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY , LLC 

By 
 Glenn T. Nunziata 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (Jason E. Paral) 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This Release Agreement (this Agreement constitutes the release referred to in that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated as of November 9, 2023, by and between Jason E. Paral Executive and Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company ). Executive s employment with the Company terminated effective _______ __, 20__. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s provision of certain severance payments (or a portion thereof) to Executive in accordance with Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby releases, discharges, and forever acquits (A) the Company, its subsidiaries and all of its other Affiliates, (B) EVA, its subsidiaries, and all of its other Affiliates, and (C) the past, present, and future stockholders, officers, members, partners, directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns of the entities specified in clauses (A) and (B) above, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executive s employment with any Company Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date of the execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, (1) any alleged violation through the date of this Agreement of (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended (v) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as amended (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (viii) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (ix) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (x) any federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law (xi) any federal, state, or local wage and hour law (xii) any other federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance and (xiii) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim (2) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to a Released Claim (3) any and all rights, benefits, or claims Executive may have under any employment contract (including, without limitation, the Employment Agreement), incentive compensation plan, or equity incentive plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party except as expressly provided (I) in Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (II) pursuant to the terms of any equity compensation agreement between Executive and a Company Party (including any Award Agreement (as defined in the LTIP) relating to an award granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP), and (4) any claim for compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in the Employment Agreement or any equity compensation agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). In no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim based on facts occurring after the date Executive signs this Agreement, (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan or equity compensation plan, or (c) any claims for contractual payments 
 EXHIBIT A-1 

under Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration recited in the first sentence of this paragraph, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived. By signing this Agreement, Executive is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Executive s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Executive s estate, is also bound by this Agreement. This release also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Executive may have a right or benefit. Notwithstanding the release of liability contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency, authority, or commission (each, a Governmental Agency or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency. Executive understands that this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Governmental Agency (including by providing documents or other information to a Governmental Agency) without notice to the Company or any other Company Party. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Agency for information provided to a Governmental Agency. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT , INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY , OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES. 
 (b) Executive represents and warrants that, as of the date Executive signs this Agreement, Executive has not filed any lawsuits against the Company or any of the other Company Parties with any state or federal court or arbitrator for, or with respect to, a matter, claim, or incident, act, or omission that occurred or arose out of one or more occurrences that took place on or prior to the date Executive signs this Agreement. Executive further represents and warrants that he has not made any assignment, sale, delivery, transfer, or conveyance of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against the Company or any of the other Company Parties with respect to any Released Claim. 
 (c) Executive represents and warrants that Executive has returned to the Company all property belonging to the Company and any other Company Party, including all computer files and other electronically stored information and other materials provided to Executive by the Company or any other Company Party in the course of Executive s employment and Executive further represents and warrants that Executive has not maintained a copy of any such materials in any form. 
 (d) Executive agrees that Executive will engage in no act (including a verbal or written statement) that is intended, or reasonably may be expected, to defame, disparage, or harm the reputation, business, prospects, or operations of the Company or any other Company 
 EXHIBIT A-2 

Party. Nothing in this Section (d) will prevent Executive from communicating with any Governmental Agency. 
 (e) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has continuing obligations to the Company and the other Company Parties pursuant to Sections 8, 9, and 10 of the Employment Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants ). In entering into this Agreement, Executive acknowledges the enforceability and continued effectiveness of the Restrictive Covenants and reaffirms Executive s commitment to abide by their terms. 
 (f) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that 
 (i) Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
 (ii) Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company to be added if 45 days applies , and Executive acknowledges that attached to this Agreement are (1) a list of the positions and ages of those employees selected for termination (or participation in the exit incentive or other employment termination program) (2) a list of the ages of those employees not selected for termination (or participation in such program) and (3) information about the unit affected by the employment termination program of which Executive s termination was a part, including any eligibility factors for such program and any time limits applicable to such program 
 (iii) Executive has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, that Executive may, at Executive s option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executive s choice and that Executive has had adequate opportunity to do so 
 (iv) Executive fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein and Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily, and of Executive s own free will, and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (v) With the exception of any sums that Executive may be owed pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Executive was entitled during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the Company before 11 59 p.m., New York, New York time, on the last day of the Release 
 EXHIBIT A-3 

Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio . No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Executive in the foregoing manner. 
 Executed on this _____ day of ___________, 20__. 

Jason E. Paral 
 EXHIBIT A-4 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 12
 exhibit1036employmentagree.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of October 1, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Mark Coscio Executive ). 
 1. Employment . During the period commencing on the Effective Date and for the duration of the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall serve, as Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer of the Company, Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA ), and such other Affiliates of the Company as may be designated by EVA from time to time. 
 2. Duties and Responsibilities of Executive . 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and will not hold any outside employment or consulting position. Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement will include those normally incidental to the position identified in Section 1, as well as such additional duties as may be assigned to Executive by EVA from time to time. 
 (b) Executive represents and covenants that Executive is not the subject of or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant, non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding, or restriction that would prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect the duties and responsibilities that may now or in the future be assigned to Executive hereunder. 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates fiduciary duties, including duties of care, loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance, such that Executive shall act at all times in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliates and shall not appropriate any business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates for Executive. Executive agrees that the obligations described in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligations Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates under common law. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive may provide services (including as an executive, employee, director, or otherwise) to multiple Affiliates of the Company and, in providing such services, Executive will not be violating Executive s obligations hereunder so long as Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, and 9 below in the course of performing such services. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Effective Date, Executive s annualized base salary shall be 425,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be provided in consideration for Executive s services under this Agreement, and payable on a not less than biweekly basis, in conformity with the Company s customary payroll practices for executives as in effect from time to time. 

(b) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for discretionary bonus compensation for the 2022 calendar year (so long as Executive remains employed through the 2022 calendar year) and each subsequent complete calendar year that Executive is employed by the Company hereunder (each, a Bonus Year pursuant to the applicable incentive or bonus compensation plan of the Company, if any, that is applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company (each, an Annual Bonus ). Each Annual Bonus shall have a target value that is not less than 100 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of the Bonus Year to which such Annual Bonus relates (the Target Annual Bonus provided , however , that the Target Annual Bonus for the 2022 calendar year shall have a target value of not less than 141,667. The performance targets that must be achieved in order to realize certain bonus levels shall be established by the board of directors of EVA (the Board or a committee thereof annually, in its sole discretion, and communicated to Executive in accordance with terms of the applicable incentive or bonus plan, if any, or if no such plan has been adopted, within the first 90 days of each applicable Bonus Year following 2022. Each Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the Board or a committee thereof certifies whether the applicable performance targets for the applicable Bonus Year have been achieved, but in no event later than March 15 following the end of such Bonus Year. 
 (c) Long-Term Incentive Plan . With respect to the 2022 calendar year and each subsequent calendar year during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual awards under the EVA equity compensation plan as in effect from time to time (the LTIP with a target value equal to (i) 125 , for the 2022 calendar year, and (ii) 250 , for each subsequent calendar year, in each case of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of such calendar year (the Target Annual LTIP Award ). All awards granted to Executive under the LTIP, if any, shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board, or a committee thereof, shall determine from time to time and shall be subject to and governed by the terms and provisions of the LTIP as in effect from time to time and the award agreements evidencing such awards. Nothing herein shall be construed to give Executive any rights to any amount or type of grant or award except as provided in such award to Executive provided in writing and authorized by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 4. Term of Employment . The current term of Executive s employment under this Agreement is the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Current Term ). On the first anniversary of the Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Effective Date, the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew and extend for a period of 12 months (each such 12-month period being a Renewal Term unless written notice of non-renewal is delivered by either party to the other not less than 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6. The period from the Effective Date through the expiration of this Agreement or, if sooner, the termination of Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the time or reason for such termination, shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period. 
 2 

5. Reimbursement of Business Expenses Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following reimbursements and benefits during the Employment Period 
 (a) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable business-related expenses incurred in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement provided that Executive timely submits all documentation for such reimbursement, as required by Company policy in effect from time-to-time. Any reimbursement of expenses under this Section 5(a) or Section 12 shall be made by the Company upon or as soon as practicable following receipt of supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company (but in any event not later than the close of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense is incurred by Executive) provided , however , that, upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, in no event shall any additional reimbursement be made prior to the date that is six months after the date of such termination (or, if earlier, prior to the date of Executive s death) to the extent such payment delay is required under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code. In no event shall any reimbursement be made to Executive for such expenses incurred after the date that is five years after the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive is not permitted to receive a payment in lieu of reimbursement under this Section 5(a) or Section 12. 
 (b) Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time. The Company shall not, by reason of this Section 5(b), be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any such plan or policy, so long as such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated Company employees generally. 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Company s Right to Terminate Executive s Employment for Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean Executive s 
 (i) material breach of any policy established by the Company or any of its Affiliates that (x) pertains to health and safety and (y) is applicable to Executive 
 (ii) engaging in acts of disloyalty to the Company or its Affiliates, including fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony, or proven dishonesty or 
 (iii) willful misconduct in the performance of, or willful failure to perform a material function of, Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 3 

(b) Company s Right to Terminate for Convenience . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment without Cause, at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. 
 (c) Executive s Right to Terminate for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities 
 (ii) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary, Target Annual Bonus, or Target Annual LTIP Award 
 (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 100 miles from the location of Executive s principal place of employment as of the Effective Date or 
 (iv) the Company s delivery of a written notice of non-renewal of this Agreement to Executive. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (A) the condition described in Section 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) giving rise to Executive s termination of Executive s employment must have arisen without Executive s written consent (B) Executive must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within 30 days of the date on which Executive knew of the existence of the condition (C) the condition specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company and (D) the date of Executive s termination of Executive s employment must occur within 30 days after the end of such cure period. 
 (d) Death or Disability . Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the death or Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a Disability shall exist if Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executive s position, with reasonable accommodation (if applicable), due to an illness or physical or mental impairment or other incapacity that continues for a period in excess of 90 days, whether consecutive or not, in any period of 365 consecutive days. The determination of a Disability will be made by the Company after obtaining an opinion from a doctor of the Company s choosing. Executive agrees to provide such information and participate in such examinations as may be reasonably required by said doctor in order to form his or her opinion. If requested by the Company, Executive shall submit to a mental or physical examination to be performed by an independent physician selected by the Company to assist the Company in making such determination. 
 4 

(e) Executive s Right to Terminate for Convenience . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company for convenience at any time upon 60 days advance written notice to the Company provided that if Executive provides a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 6(e), the Company may designate an earlier termination date than that specified in Executive s notice. The Company s designation of such an earlier date will not change the nature of Executive s termination, which will still be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive pursuant to this Section 6(e). 
 (f) Effect of Termination . 
 (i) If Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate (1) pursuant to Section 4 at the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, as a result of a non-renewal of this Agreement by Executive or (2) pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(e), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Executive shall be entitled to (x) payment of all earned, unpaid Base Salary within 30 days of Executive s last day of employment, or earlier if required by law, (y) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with Section 5(a) and Section 12, and (z) benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy described in Section 5(b). 
 (ii) If Executive s employment terminates (1) pursuant to Section 6(b) or 6(c) or (2) due to Executive s death or Disability pursuant to Section 6(d), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that (I) Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in clauses (x) through (z) of Section 6(f)(i) and (II) if Executive executes, on or before the Release Expiration Date (as defined below), and does not revoke within the time provided by the Company to do so, a release of all claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (which shall be substantially similar to the form of release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release )), then, provided that Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 
 (A) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount (the Severance Payment equal to the product of (x) 1.0 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined below), 1.5) and (y) the sum of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the date of the termination of Executive s employment (the Termination Date and Executive s Target Annual Bonus as of the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will be divided into 24 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 36) substantially equal installments. On the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date, the Company shall pay to Executive, without interest, a number of such installments equal to the number of such installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending 
 5 

on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date had the installments been paid on a biweekly basis commencing on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date coincident with or next following the Termination Date, and each of the remaining installments shall be paid on a biweekly basis thereafter provided , however , that (1) to the extent, if any, that the aggregate amount of the installments of the Severance Payment and any payments under Section 6(f)(ii)(C) that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(A) or Section 6(f)(ii)(C) after March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Severance Payment payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess (beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess), and (2) all remaining installments of the Severance Payment, if any, that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(A) after December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be paid with the installment of the Severance Payment, if any, due in December of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (B) All outstanding awards granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date shall immediately become fully vested as of the Termination Date provided , however , that with respect to any such LTIP awards that were granted subject to a performance requirement (other than continued service by Executive) that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board (or a committee thereof) as of the Termination Date, then (1) if the Termination Date occurs within six months prior to the expiration of the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested based on actual performance upon the expiration of such performance period and (2) if the Termination Date occurs at any other time during the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested as of the Termination Date based on target performance. 
 (C) If Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Company s group health plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), similar in the amounts and types of coverage provided by the Company to Executive prior to the Termination Date, then during the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined 
 6 

below), the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the entire amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage COBRA Benefit ). Each payment of the COBRA Benefit shall be paid to Executive on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which Executive submits to the Company documentation of the applicable premium payment having been paid by Executive, which documentation shall be submitted by Executive to the Company within 30 days following the date on which the applicable premium payment is paid. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(C) to the contrary, (x) the election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain Executive s sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (y) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 6(f)(ii)(C) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse impact on the Company, then the Company and Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to Executive without such adverse impact on the Company. 
 As used herein, the COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the period beginning on the first day of the first calendar month following the Termination Date and continuing for a number of months thereafter equal to 12 months (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 18 months) provided, however , that the COBRA Continuation Period shall immediately terminate upon the earlier of (1) the time Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that Executive becomes so eligible) or (2) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. For purposes of this Section 6(f)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(f)(ii)(C)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(f)(ii)(C) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. For purposes of this Section 6(f)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(f)(ii)(C)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(f)(ii)(C) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. 
 (iii) Executive acknowledges Executive s understanding that if the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by Executive, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6(f)(ii). As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to 
 7 

Executive (which shall occur no later than seven days after the Termination Date) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions 
 (A) the sale or disposal by EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an Affiliate of EVA 
 (B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or 
 (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 (g) Meaning of Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered to have terminated employment with the Company when Executive incurs a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code provided , however , that whether such a separation from service has occurred shall be determined based upon a reasonably anticipated permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services to be performed to no more than 25 of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding 36 months. 
 7. Conflicts of Interest Disclosure of Opportunities . Executive agrees that Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware of such conflict. Executive further agrees that, throughout the Employment Period and for one year after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, Executive shall offer to the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, all business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets, regardless of where such business opportunities arise. 
 8. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive has been provided with and had access to (and, during the Employment Period, Executive will continue to be provided with, and have access to) valuable Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of Executive s receipt of and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable 
 8 

consideration provided hereunder, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive agrees to comply with this Section 8. 
 (a) Executive covenants and agrees, both during the Employment Period and thereafter that, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by directive of the Board, Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any Person and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the physical security of all documents and other material containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which the Confidential Information is stored). The covenants in this Section 8(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to Executive during the Employment Period. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 8(a), Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information 
 (i) disclosures to other executives or employees of the Company or its Affiliates who have a need to know the information in connection with the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
 (ii) disclosures and uses that are incidental to Executive s provision of services to the Company and its Affiliates consistent with the terms of this Agreement or that are approved by the Board 
 (iii) disclosures for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulatory requirements or 
 (iv) disclosures that Executive is legally compelled to make by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or similar process, or otherwise by law. 
 (c) Upon the end of Executive s employment with the Company and at any other time upon request of the Company, Executive shall surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and other material of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information in Executive s possession and shall not retain any such document or other material. Within 10 days of any such request, Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. 
 (d) All non-public information, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made, developed, or acquired by Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or properties, products, or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, business plans, trade secrets, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and sales 
 9 

data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) is defined as Confidential Information. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voicemail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models, and all other writings or materials of any type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its Affiliates and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (e) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities, (iii) testifying, participating, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) is made to Executive s attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law, or (z) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does this Agreement require Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company or its Affiliates before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 8(e), or to notify the Company or its Affiliates that Executive has engaged in any such conduct. 
 9. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) The Company shall continue to provide Executive access to Confidential Information for use only during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting Executive, in Executive s unique and special capacity, with continuing to develop the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the continued access to Confidential Information, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 9. Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein, including the geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects and are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to protect the 
 10 

Company s legitimate business interests, including the preservation of its Confidential Information and goodwill. 
 (b) Executive agrees that, during the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of whatever nature 
 (i) engage or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company in any business in which either the Company or its Protected Affiliates engaged in, or had plans to become engaged in of which Executive was aware during the period of Executive s employment with the Company or the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, which business includes the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets (the Business ). As used herein, the term Protected Affiliates means any Affiliate of the Company for which Executive provided services during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, or about which Executive obtained Confidential Information during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (ii) appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or its Affiliates located in the Market Area, or engage in any activity that is detrimental to the Company or its Affiliates or that limits the Company s or an Affiliate s ability to fully exploit such Business Opportunities or prevents the benefits of such Business Opportunities from accruing to the Company or its Affiliates or 
 (iii) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate his or her employment therewith. 
 (c) Timeframe of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement . Executive agrees that the covenants of this Section 9 shall be enforceable during the period that Executive is employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the date that Executive is no longer employed by the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination. 
 (d) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company and its Affiliates as a result of a breach of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that could be caused to the Company and its Affiliates for which they would have no other adequate remedy, Executive agrees that the foregoing covenant may be enforced by the Company and its Affiliates, in the event of breach by Executive, by injunctions and restraining orders and that such enforcement shall not be the Company s and its Affiliates exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and its Affiliates, both at law and in equity. 
 (e) The covenants in this Section 9 are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant (or any portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or any portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, as applicable, shall determine that the scope, time, or territorial 
 11 

restrictions set forth in this Section 9 are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent that the court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and this Agreement shall thereby be reformed. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 9, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (i) Business Opportunity shall mean any commercial, investment, or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (ii) Market Area shall mean any location or geographic area within 75 miles of a location where the Company or its Affiliates conducts Business, or has plans to conduct Business of which Executive is aware, during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (g) All of the covenants in this Section 9 shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. 
 10. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Executive agrees that the Company or its applicable Affiliate shall own, and Executive hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, and information authored, created, contributed to, made, or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive during the period that Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates that either (a) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, or development, to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Company s time or with the use of any of the Company s or its Affiliates equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property ), and Executive will promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of Executive s works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period that Executive is or has been employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in the scope of Executive s employment shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Executive agrees to perform, during and after the Employment Period, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist the Company or its applicable Affiliate, at the Company s or such Affiliate s expense, in obtaining and enforcing its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property. 
 12 

11. Arbitration . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(d), any dispute, controversy, or claim between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or services provided to any Affiliate of the Company will be finally settled by arbitration in New York, New York before, and in accordance with the rules for the resolution of employment disputes then in effect of, the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 
 (b) Any arbitration conducted under this Section 11 shall be heard by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected in accordance with the then-applicable rules of the AAA. The Arbitrator shall expeditiously (and, if possible, within 90 days after the selection of the Arbitrator) hear and decide all matters concerning the dispute. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the Arbitrator shall have the power to (i) gather such materials, information, testimony, and evidence as the Arbitrator deems relevant to the dispute before him or her (and each party will provide such materials, information, testimony, and evidence requested by the Arbitrator, except to the extent any information so requested is proprietary, subject to a third-party confidentiality restriction, or to an attorney-client or other privilege), and (ii) grant injunctive relief and enforce specific performance. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be rendered in writing, be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction provided that the parties agree that the Arbitrator and any court enforcing the award of the Arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to any disputing party. 
 (c) Each side shall share equally the cost of the arbitration and bear its own costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with any arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that compelling reasons exist for allocating all or a portion of such costs and fees to the other side. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 11(a), an application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief by either party (including any such application to enforce the provisions of Sections 8, 9, or 10 herein) shall not be subject to arbitration under this Section 11 provided , however , that the remainder of any such dispute (beyond the application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief) shall be subject to arbitration under this Section. 
 (e) By entering into this Agreement and entering into the arbitration provisions of this Section 11, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from (i) instituting litigation to enforce any arbitration award or (ii) joining another party to this Agreement in a litigation initiated by a person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement. 
 12. Defense of Claims . Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period and thereafter, upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive will cooperate with the 
 13 

Company or its Affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliates that relate to Executive s actual or prior areas of responsibility, except if Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliate(s), as applicable, in such claim or action. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for all of Executive s reasonable travel and other direct expenses incurred, or to be reasonably incurred, to comply with Executive s obligations under this Section 12, provided Executive provides reasonable documentation of same and obtains the Company s prior approval for incurring such expenses. 
 13. Withholdings . The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal, state, local, and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive. 
 14. Title and Headings Construction . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all Exhibits or Attachments referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term, or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term, or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term, or matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument, or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, modified, and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. 
 15. Applicable Law Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 11 above and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. 
 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the scope of 
 14 

the preceding sentence, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 16, all understandings and agreements preceding the Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof (including the offer letter executed by Executive and the Company dated September 1, 2022) are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect, and this Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, that purport to govern the terms of Executive s employment (including Executive s compensation) with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 16 to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not supersede or replace, but instead complements and is in addition to, all equity compensation agreements that may be entered into on or after the Effective Date between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto. 
 17. Waiver of Breach . Any waiver of this Agreement must be executed by the party to be bound by such waiver. No waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party hereto to take any action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 18. Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Executive, and neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferred by Executive. The Company may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor (whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the equity, assets, or businesses of the Company, if such Affiliate or successor expressly agrees to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor or any of its Affiliates (including to EVA or any EVA subsidiary) including in conjunction with any corporate restructuring, simplification, or reorganization. In the event of any such assignment, the Company s assignee shall have all rights and obligations of, and shall be deemed to be, the Company hereunder. 
 19. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates is defined as any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under Common Control with , means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, Control shall be deemed to exist when a person or entity possesses, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries (a) in the case of a corporation, more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities thereof, (b) in the case of a limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, or joint venture, the right to more than 50 of the distributions therefrom (including liquidating distributions), or (c) in the case of any other person or entity, more than 50 of the economic or beneficial interest therein. 
 15 

20. Notices . Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed, in each case, to the following address, as applicable 
 (1) If to the Company, addressed to 
 Enviva Management Company, LLC 7272 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 1800 Bethesda, MD 20814 Attention General Counsel 
 (2) If to Executive, addressed to the most recent address the Company has in its employment records for Executive. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or .pdf or similar electronic format, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto. 
 22. Deemed Resignations . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Executive prior to the termination of Executive s employment, any termination of Executive s employment shall constitute (a) an automatic resignation of Executive as an officer of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, (b) an automatic resignation of Executive from the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, and (c) an automatic resignation from the board of directors or any similar governing body of any corporation, limited liability entity, or other entity in which the Company or any Affiliate holds an equity interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves as the Company s or such Affiliate s designee or other representative (if applicable). 
 23. Effect of Termination . The provisions of Sections 6(f), 7-12, 22, and 24 and those provisions necessary to interpret and enforce them, shall survive any termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 24. Third-Party Beneficiaries . Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third-party beneficiary of Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 22 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 
 25. Severability . Subject to Section 9(e), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) is invalid or unenforceable, then the invalidity or unenforceability of that provision (or part thereof) shall not 
 16 

affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement, and all other provisions (or part thereof) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 26. Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if Executive s receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of Executive s death or (ii) the date that is six months after the Termination Date (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date ), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 The remainder of this page was left blank intentionally the signature page follows. 
 17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Executive and the Company each have caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, effective for all purposes as provided above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

Mark Coscio 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY , LLC 

By 
 Roxanne B. Klein 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Signature Page to Employment Agreement (Mark Coscio) 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This Release Agreement (this Agreement constitutes the release referred to in that certain Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 2022, by and between Mark Coscio Executive and Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s provision of certain severance payments (or a portion thereof) to Executive in accordance with Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby releases, discharges, and forever acquits (A) the Company, its subsidiaries and all of its other Affiliates, (B) EVA, its subsidiaries, and all of its other Affiliates, and (C) the past, present, and future stockholders, officers, members, partners, directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns of the entities specified in clauses (A) and (B) above, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executive s employment with any Company Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date of the execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, (1) any alleged violation through the date of this Agreement of (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended (v) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as amended (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (viii) the National Labor Relations Act, as amended (ix) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (x) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (xi) any federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law (xii) any federal, state, or local wage and hour law (xiii) any other local, state, or federal law, regulation, or ordinance and (xiv) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim (2) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to a Released Claim (3) any and all rights, benefits, or claims Executive may have under any employment contract, incentive compensation plan, or equity incentive plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party except as expressly provided (I) in Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (II) pursuant to the terms of any equity compensation agreement between Executive and a Company Party (including any Award Agreement (as defined in the LTIP) relating to an award granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP), and (4) any claim for compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in the Employment Agreement or any equity compensation agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). In no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim that arises after the date Executive signs this Agreement, (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan or equity compensation plan, or (c) any claims for contractual payments under Section 5(a) or Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they 
 EXHIBIT A-1 

do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration recited in the first sentence of this paragraph, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived. By signing this Agreement, Executive is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Executive s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Executive s estate, is also bound by this Agreement. This release also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Executive may have a right or benefit. Notwithstanding the release of liability contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency, authority, or commission (each, a Governmental Agency or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency. Executive understands that this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Governmental Agency (including by providing documents or other information to a Governmental Agency) without notice to the Company or any other Company Party. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Agency for information provided to a Governmental Agency. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT , INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY , OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES. 
 (b) Executive agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit or arbitration proceeding against any of the Company Parties in any court relating to any of the Released Claims. Executive represents that Executive has not brought or joined any lawsuit or filed any charge or claim against any of the Company Parties in any court or before any government agency and has made no assignment of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against any of the Company Parties to any person or entity, in each case, with respect to any Released Claims. 
 (c) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that 
 (i) Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
 (ii) Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company to be added if 45 days applies , and Executive acknowledges that attached to this Agreement are (1) a list of the positions and ages of those employees selected for termination (or participation in the exit incentive or other employment termination program) (2) a list of the ages of those employees not selected for termination (or participation in such program) and (3) information about the unit affected by the employment termination program of which Executive s termination was a part, including any eligibility factors for such program and any time limits applicable to such program 
 EXHIBIT A-2 

(iii) Executive has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, that Executive may, at Executive s option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executive s choice and that Executive has had adequate opportunity to do so 
 (iv) Executive fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein and Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily, and of Executive s own free will, and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (v) With the exception of any sums that Executive may be owed pursuant to Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Executive was entitled during the period of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the Company before 11 59 p.m., New York, New York time, on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio . No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Executive in the foregoing manner. 
 Executed on this _____ day of __________, ____. 

Mark Coscio 
 EXHIBIT A-3 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 13
 exhibit1037employmentagree.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.37 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of January 17, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and John-Paul D. Taylor Executive ). 
 1. Employment . During the period commencing on the Effective Date and for the duration of the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall serve, as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of the Company, Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA ), and such other Affiliates of the Company as may be designated by EVA from time to time. 
 2. Duties and Responsibilities of Executive . 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and will not hold any outside employment or consulting position. Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement will include those normally incidental to the position identified in Section 1, as well as such additional duties as may be assigned to Executive by EVA from time to time. 
 (b) Executive represents and covenants that Executive is not the subject of or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant, non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding, or restriction that would prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect the duties and responsibilities that may now or in the future be assigned to Executive hereunder. 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates fiduciary duties, including duties of care, loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance, such that Executive shall act at all times in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliates and shall not appropriate any business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates for Executive. Executive agrees that the obligations described in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligations Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates under common law. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive may provide services (including as an executive, employee, director, or otherwise) to multiple Affiliates of the Company and, in providing such services, Executive will not be violating Executive s obligations hereunder so long as Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, and 9 below in the course of performing such services. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Effective Date, Executive s annualized base salary shall be 375,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be provided in consideration for Executive s services under this Agreement, and payable on a not less than biweekly basis, in conformity with the Company s customary payroll practices for executives as in effect from time to time. 

(b) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for discretionary bonus compensation for the 2022 calendar year and each subsequent full calendar year that Executive is employed by the Company hereunder (each, a Bonus Year pursuant to the applicable incentive or bonus compensation plan of the Company, if any, that is applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company (each, an Annual Bonus ). Each Annual Bonus shall have a target value that is not less than 100 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of the Bonus Year to which such Annual Bonus relates (the Target Annual Bonus provided, however , that the Target Annual Bonus for the 2022 calendar year shall have a target value of not less than 256,000. The performance targets that must be achieved in order to realize certain bonus levels shall be established by the board of directors of EVA (the Board or a committee thereof annually, in its sole discretion, and communicated to Executive in accordance with terms of the applicable incentive or bonus plan. Each Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the Board or a committee thereof certifies whether the applicable performance targets for the applicable Bonus Year have been achieved, but in no event later than March 15 following the end of such Bonus Year. 
 (c) Long-Term Incentive Plan . With respect to the 2023 calendar year and each subsequent calendar year during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual awards under the EVA equity compensation plan as in effect from time to time (the LTIP with a target value equal to 200 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of such calendar year (the Target Annual LTIP Award ). All awards granted to Executive under the LTIP, if any, shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board, or a committee thereof, shall determine from time to time and shall be subject to and governed by the terms and provisions of the LTIP as in effect from time to time and the award agreements evidencing such awards. Nothing herein shall be construed to give Executive any rights to any amount or type of grant or award except as provided in such award to Executive provided in writing and authorized by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 4. Term of Employment . The current term of Executive s employment under this Agreement is the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Current Term ). On the first anniversary of the Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Effective Date, the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew and extend for a period of 12 months (each such 12-month period being a Renewal Term unless written notice of non-renewal is delivered by either party to the other not less than 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6. The period from the Effective Date through the expiration of this Agreement or, if sooner, the termination of Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the time or reason for such termination, shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period. 
 5. Reimbursement of Business Expenses Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following reimbursements and benefits during the Employment Period 
 2 

(a) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable business-related expenses incurred in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement provided that Executive timely submits all documentation for such reimbursement, as required by Company policy in effect from time-to-time. Any reimbursement of expenses under this Section 5(a) or Section 12 shall be made by the Company upon or as soon as practicable following receipt of supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company (but in any event not later than the close of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense is incurred by Executive) provided , however , that, upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, in no event shall any additional reimbursement be made prior to the date that is six months after the date of such termination (or, if earlier, prior to the date of Executive s death) to the extent such payment delay is required under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code. In no event shall any reimbursement be made to Executive for such expenses incurred after the date that is five years after the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive is not permitted to receive a payment in lieu of reimbursement under this Section 5(a) or Section 12. 
 (b) Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time. The Company shall not, by reason of this Section 5(b), be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any such plan or policy, so long as such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated Company employees generally. 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Company s Right to Terminate Executive s Employment for Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean Executive s 
 (i) material breach of any policy established by the Company or any of its Affiliates that (x) pertains to health and safety and (y) is applicable to Executive 
 (ii) engaging in acts of disloyalty to the Company or its Affiliates, including fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony, or proven dishonesty or 
 (iii) willful misconduct in the performance of, or willful failure to perform a material function of, Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 (b) Company s Right to Terminate for Convenience . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment without Cause, at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. 
 (c) Executive s Right to Terminate for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 3 

(i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities 
 (ii) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary, Target Annual Bonus, or Target Annual LTIP Award 
 (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 100 miles from the location of Executive s principal place of employment as of the Effective Date or 
 (iv) the Company s delivery of a written notice of non-renewal of this Agreement to Executive. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (A) the condition described in Section 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) giving rise to Executive s termination of Executive s employment must have arisen without Executive s written consent (B) Executive must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within 30 days of the date on which Executive knew of the existence of the condition (C) the condition specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company and (D) the date of Executive s termination of Executive s employment must occur within 30 days after the end of such cure period. 
 (d) Death or Disability . Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the death or Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a Disability shall mean Executive is or would be entitled to receive income replacement benefits as determined in accordance with the Company s then-current long-term disability policy, whether or not Executive is covered by such policy (or, if the Company has no long-term disability policy, then Disability shall instead mean that Executive has become disabled within the meaning of Section 409A (as defined below), as determined in the discretion of the Company). 
 (e) Executive s Right to Terminate for Convenience . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company for convenience at any time upon 60 days advance written notice to the Company provided that if Executive provides a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 6(e), the Company may designate an earlier termination date than that specified in Executive s notice. The Company s designation of such an earlier date will not change the nature of Executive s termination, which will still be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive pursuant to this Section 6(e). 
 4 

(f) Mutual Agreement to Terminate . The Company and Executive may agree to terminate Executive s employment by mutual written agreement at any time pursuant to the terms of such mutual written agreement. 
 (g) Effect of Termination . 
 (i) If Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate (1) pursuant to Section 4 at the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, as a result of a non-renewal of this Agreement by Executive or (2) pursuant to Section 6(a), 6(e), or 6(f), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Executive shall be entitled to (x) payment of all earned, but unpaid Base Salary within 30 days of Executive s last day of employment, or earlier if required by law, (y) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with Section 5(a) and Section 12, and (z) benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy described in Section 5(b). 
 (ii) If Executive s employment terminates (1) pursuant to Section 6(b) or 6(c) or (2) due to Executive s death or Disability pursuant to Section 6(d), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that (I) Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in clauses (x) through (z) of Section 6(g)(i) and (II) if Executive executes, on or before the Release Expiration Date (as defined below), and does not revoke within the time provided by the Company to do so, a release of all claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (which shall be substantially similar to the form of release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release )), then, provided that Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 
 (A) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount (the Severance Payment equal to the product of (x) 1.0 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined below), 1.5) and (y) the sum of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the date of the termination of Executive s employment (the Termination Date and Executive s Target Annual Bonus as of the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will be divided into 24 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 36) substantially equal installments. On the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date, the Company shall pay to Executive, without interest, a number of such installments equal to the number of such installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date had the installments been paid on a biweekly basis commencing on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date coincident with or next following the Termination Date, and each of the remaining installments shall be paid on a biweekly basis thereafter provided , however , that (1) to the extent, if any, that the aggregate amount of the 
 5 

installments of the Severance Payment that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(A) after March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Severance Payment payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess (beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess), and (2) all remaining installments of the Severance Payment, if any, that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(A) after December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be paid with the installment of the Severance Payment, if any, due in December of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (B) All outstanding awards granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date shall immediately become fully vested as of the Termination Date provided , however , that with respect to any such LTIP awards that were granted subject to a performance requirement (other than continued service by Executive) that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board (or a committee thereof) as of the Termination Date, then (1) if the Termination Date occurs within six months prior to the expiration of the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested based on actual performance upon the expiration of such performance period (determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the LTIP) and (2) if the Termination Date occurs at any other time during the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested as of the Termination Date based on target performance (determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the LTIP). 
 (C) If Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Company s group health plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), similar in the amounts and types of coverage provided by the Company to Executive prior to the Termination Date, then during the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below), the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the entire amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage COBRA Benefit ). Each payment of the COBRA Benefit shall be paid to Executive on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which Executive submits to the Company documentation of the applicable premium payment having been paid by Executive, which documentation shall be submitted by Executive to the Company 
 6 

within 30 days following the date on which the applicable premium payment is paid. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 6(g)(ii)(C) to the contrary, (x) the election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain Executive s sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (y) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 6(g)(ii)(C) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse impact on the Company, then the Company and Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to Executive without such adverse impact on the Company. 
 As used herein, the COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the period beginning on the first day of the first calendar month following the Termination Date and continuing for a number of months thereafter equal to 12 months (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 18 months) provided, however , that the COBRA Continuation Period shall immediately terminate upon the earlier of (1) the time Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that Executive becomes so eligible) or (2) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. For purposes of this Section 6(g)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(g)(ii)(C)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(g)(ii)(C) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. 
 (iii) Executive acknowledges Executive s understanding that if the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by Executive, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii). As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to Executive (which shall occur no later than seven days after the Termination Date) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions 
 (A) the sale or disposal by EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an Affiliate of EVA 
 7 

(B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or 
 (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 (h) Meaning of Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered to have terminated employment with the Company when Executive incurs a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code provided , however , that whether such a separation from service has occurred shall be determined based upon a reasonably anticipated permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services to be performed to no more than 25 of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding 36 months. 
 7. Conflicts of Interest Disclosure of Opportunities . Executive agrees that Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware of such conflict. Executive further agrees that, throughout the Employment Period and for one year after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, Executive shall offer to the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, all business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets, regardless of where such business opportunities arise. 
 8. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive has been provided with and had access to (and, during the Employment Period, Executive will continue to be provided with, and have access to) valuable Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of Executive s receipt of and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable consideration provided hereunder, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive agrees to comply with this Section 8. 
 (a) Executive covenants and agrees, both during the Employment Period and thereafter that, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by directive of the Board, Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the physical security of all documents and other material containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which the Confidential Information is stored). The covenants in this Section 8(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to Executive during the Employment Period. 
 8 

(b) Notwithstanding Section 8(a), Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information 
 (i) disclosures to other executives or employees of the Company or its Affiliates who have a need to know the information in connection with the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
 (ii) disclosures and uses that are incidental to Executive s provision of services to the Company and its Affiliates consistent with the terms of this Agreement or that are approved by the Board 
 (iii) disclosures for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulatory requirements or 
 (iv) disclosures that Executive is legally compelled to make by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or similar process, or otherwise by law. 
 (c) Upon the end of Executive s employment with the Company and at any other time upon request of the Company, Executive shall surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and other material of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information in Executive s possession and shall not retain any such document or other material. Within 10 days of any such request, Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. 
 (d) All non-public information, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made, developed, or acquired by Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or properties, products, or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, business plans, trade secrets, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) is defined as Confidential Information. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voicemail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models, and all other writings or materials of any type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its Affiliates and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (e) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, 
 9 

causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities, (iii) testifying, participating, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) is made to Executive s attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law, or (z) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does this Agreement require Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company or its Affiliates before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 8(e), or to notify the Company or its Affiliates that Executive has engaged in any such conduct. 
 9. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) The Company shall continue to provide Executive access to Confidential Information for use only during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting Executive, in Executive s unique and special capacity, with continuing to develop the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the continued access to Confidential Information, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 9. Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein, including the geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects and are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests, including the preservation of its Confidential Information and goodwill. 
 (b) Executive agrees that, during the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of whatever nature 
 (i) engage or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company in any business in which either the Company or its Protected Affiliates engaged in, or had plans to become engaged in of which Executive was aware during the period of Executive s employment with the Company or the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, which business includes the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets (the Business ). As used herein, the term Protected Affiliates means any Affiliate of the Company for which Executive provided services during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, or 
 10 

about which Executive obtained Confidential Information during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (ii) appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or its Affiliates located in the Market Area, or engage in any activity that is detrimental to the Company or its Affiliates or that limits the Company s or an Affiliate s ability to fully exploit such Business Opportunities or prevents the benefits of such Business Opportunities from accruing to the Company or its Affiliates or 
 (iii) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate his or her employment therewith. 
 (c) Timeframe of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement . Executive agrees that the covenants of this Section 9 shall be enforceable during the period that Executive is employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the date that Executive is no longer employed by the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination. 
 (d) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company and its Affiliates as a result of a breach of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that could be caused to the Company and its Affiliates for which they would have no other adequate remedy, Executive agrees that the foregoing covenant may be enforced by the Company and its Affiliates, in the event of breach by Executive, by injunctions and restraining orders and that such enforcement shall not be the Company s and its Affiliates exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and its Affiliates, both at law and in equity. 
 (e) The covenants in this Section 9 are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant (or any portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or any portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, as applicable, shall determine that the scope, time, or territorial restrictions set forth in this Section 9 are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent that the court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and this Agreement shall thereby be reformed. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 9, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (i) Business Opportunity shall mean any commercial, investment, or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (ii) Market Area shall mean any location or geographic area within 75 miles of a location where the Company or its Affiliates conducts Business, or has plans to conduct Business of which Executive is aware, during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (g) All of the covenants in this Section 9 shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of 
 11 

action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. 
 10. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Executive agrees that the Company or its applicable Affiliate shall own, and Executive hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, and information authored, created, contributed to, made, or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive during the period that Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates that either (a) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, or development, to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Company s time or with the use of any of the Company s or its Affiliates equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property ), and Executive will promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of Executive s works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period that Executive is or has been employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in the scope of Executive s employment shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Executive agrees to perform, during and after the Employment Period, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist the Company or its applicable Affiliate, at the Company s or such Affiliate s expense, in obtaining and enforcing its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property. 
 11. Arbitration . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(d), any dispute, controversy, or claim between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or services provided to any Affiliate of the Company will be finally settled by arbitration in New York, New York before, and in accordance with the rules for the resolution of employment disputes then in effect of, the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 
 (b) Any arbitration conducted under this Section 11 shall be heard by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected in accordance with the then-applicable rules of the AAA. The Arbitrator shall expeditiously (and, if possible, within 90 days after the selection of the Arbitrator) hear and decide all matters concerning the dispute. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the Arbitrator shall have the power to (i) gather such materials, information, testimony, and evidence as the Arbitrator deems relevant to the dispute before him or her (and each party will provide such materials, information, testimony, and evidence requested by the Arbitrator, except to the extent any information so requested is proprietary, 
 12 

subject to a third-party confidentiality restriction, or to an attorney-client or other privilege), and (ii) grant injunctive relief and enforce specific performance. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be rendered in writing, be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction provided that the parties agree that the Arbitrator and any court enforcing the award of the Arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to any disputing party. 
 (c) Each side shall share equally the cost of the arbitration and bear its own costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with any arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that compelling reasons exist for allocating all or a portion of such costs and fees to the other side. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 11(a), an application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief by either party (including any such application to enforce the provisions of Sections 8, 9, or 10 herein) shall not be subject to arbitration under this Section 11 provided , however , that the remainder of any such dispute (beyond the application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief) shall be subject to arbitration under this Section. 
 (e) By entering into this Agreement and entering into the arbitration provisions of this Section 11, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from (i) instituting litigation to enforce any arbitration award or (ii) joining another party to this Agreement in a litigation initiated by a person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement. 
 12. Defense of Claims . Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period and thereafter, upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive will cooperate with the Company or its Affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliates that relate to Executive s actual or prior areas of responsibility, except if Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliate(s), as applicable, in such claim or action. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for all of Executive s reasonable travel and other direct expenses incurred, or to be reasonably incurred, to comply with Executive s obligations under this Section 12, provided Executive provides reasonable documentation of same and obtains the Company s prior approval for incurring such expenses. 
 13. Withholdings . The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal, state, local, and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive. 
 14. Title and Headings Construction . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all Exhibits or Attachments referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, 
 13 

hereunder, and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term, or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term, or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term, or matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument, or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, modified, and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. 
 15. Applicable Law Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 11 above and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. 
 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 16, all understandings and agreements preceding the Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect, and this Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, that purport to govern the terms of Executive s employment (including Executive s compensation) with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 16 to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not supersede or replace, but instead complements and is in addition to, all equity compensation agreements between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto. 
 17. Waiver of Breach . Any waiver of this Agreement must be executed by the party to be bound by such waiver. No waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party hereto to take any action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 14 

18. Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Executive, and neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferred by Executive. The Company may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor (whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the equity, assets, or businesses of the Company, if such Affiliate or successor expressly agrees to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor or any of its Affiliates (including to EVA or any EVA subsidiary) including in conjunction with any corporate restructuring, simplification, or reorganization. In the event of any such assignment, the Company s assignee shall have all rights and obligations of, and shall be deemed to be, the Company hereunder. 
 19. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates is defined as any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under Common Control with , means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, Control shall be deemed to exist when a person or entity possesses, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries (a) in the case of a corporation, more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities thereof, (b) in the case of a limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, or joint venture, the right to more than 50 of the distributions therefrom (including liquidating distributions), or (c) in the case of any other person or entity, more than 50 of the economic or beneficial interest therein. 
 20. Notices . Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed, in each case, to the following address, as applicable 
 (a) If to the Company, addressed to 
 Enviva Management Company, LLC 7272 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 1800 Bethesda, MD 20814 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) If to Executive, addressed to the most recent address the Company has in its employment records for Executive. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or .pdf or similar electronic format, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto. 
 15 

22. Deemed Resignations . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Executive prior to the termination of Executive s employment, any termination of Executive s employment shall constitute (a) an automatic resignation of Executive as an officer of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, (b) an automatic resignation of Executive from the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, and (c) an automatic resignation from the board of directors or any similar governing body of any corporation, limited liability entity, or other entity in which the Company or any Affiliate holds an equity interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves as the Company s or such Affiliate s designee or other representative (if applicable). 
 23. Effect of Termination . The provisions of Sections 6(g), 7-12, 22, and 24 and those provisions necessary to interpret and enforce them, shall survive any termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 24. Third-Party Beneficiaries . Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third-party beneficiary of Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 22 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 
 25. Severability . Subject to Section 9(e), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) is invalid or unenforceable, then the invalidity or unenforceability of that provision (or part thereof) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement, and all other provisions (or part thereof) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 26. Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if Executive s receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of Executive s death or (ii) the date that is six months after the Termination Date (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date ), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 27. Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive awards granted hereunder and under any other agreement or arrangement 
 16 

with the Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, in each case which are subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, are subject to any written clawback policies that the Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, as applicable, may adopt either prior to or following the Effective Date, whether or not required pursuant to or related to any such applicable law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirements. Any such clawback policy may subject Executive s incentive awards and amounts received with respect to any incentive awards to reduction, cancelation, forfeiture, or recoupment if certain specified events occur, including an accounting restatement, or other events or wrongful conduct specified in any such clawback policy. The Company, EVA, or any other Company Party, as applicable, will make any determination for reduction, cancelation, forfeiture, or recoupment in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation. 
 The remainder of this page was left blank intentionally the signature page follows. 
 17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Executive and the Company each have caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, effective for all purposes as provided above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

John-Paul D. Taylor 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY , LLC 

By 
 Roxanne B. Klein 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

Signature Page to 
 Employment Agreement (John-Paul D. Taylor) 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This Release Agreement (this Agreement constitutes the release referred to in that certain Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated as of January 17, 2023, by and between John-Paul D. Taylor Executive and Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company ). Executive s employment with the Company terminated effective _______ __, 20__. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s provision of certain severance payments (or a portion thereof) to Executive in accordance with Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby releases, discharges, and forever acquits (A) the Company, its subsidiaries and all of its other Affiliates, (B) EVA, its subsidiaries, and all of its other Affiliates, and (C) the past, present, and future stockholders, officers, members, partners, directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns of the entities specified in clauses (A) and (B) above, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executive s employment with any Company Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date of the execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, (1) any alleged violation through the date of this Agreement of (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended (v) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as amended (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (viii) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (ix) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (x) any federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law (xi) any federal, state, or local wage and hour law (xii) any other federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance and (xiii) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim (2) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to a Released Claim (3) any and all rights, benefits, or claims Executive may have under any employment contract (including, without limitation, the Employment Agreement), incentive compensation plan, or equity incentive plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party except as expressly provided (I) in Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (II) pursuant to the terms of any equity compensation agreement between Executive and a Company Party (including any Award Agreement (as defined in the LTIP) relating to an award granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP), and (4) any claim for compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in the Employment Agreement or any equity compensation agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). In no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim based on facts occuring after the date Executive signs this Agreement, (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan or equity compensation plan, or (c) any claims for contractual payments 
 EXHIBIT A-1 

under Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration recited in the first sentence of this paragraph, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived. By signing this Agreement, Executive is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Executive s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Executive s estate, is also bound by this Agreement. This release also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Executive may have a right or benefit. Notwithstanding the release of liability contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency, authority, or commission (each, a Governmental Agency or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency. Executive understands that this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Governmental Agency (including by providing documents or other information to a Governmental Agency) without notice to the Company or any other Company Party. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Agency for information provided to a Governmental Agency. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT , INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY , OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES. 
 (b) Executive represents and warrants that, as of the date Executive signs this Agreement, Executive has not filed any lawsuits against the Company or any of the other Company Parties with any state or federal court or arbitrator for, or with respect to, a matter, claim, or incident, act, or omission that occurred or arose out of one or more occurrences that took place on or prior to the date Executive signs this Agreement. Executive further represents and warrants that he has not made any assignment, sale, delivery, transfer, or conveyance of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against the Company or any of the other Company Parties with respect to any Released Claim. 
 (c) Executive represents and warrants that Executive has returned to the Company all property belonging to the Company and any other Company Party, including all computer files and other electronically stored information and other materials provided to Executive by the Company or any other Company Party in the course of Executive s employment and Executive further represents and warrants that Executive has not maintained a copy of any such materials in any form. 
 (d) Executive agrees that Executive will engage in no act (including a verbal or written statement) that is intended, or reasonably may be expected, to defame, disparage, or harm the reputation, business, prospects, or operations of the Company or any other Company 
 EXHIBIT A-2 

Party. Nothing in this Section (d) will prevent Executive from communicating with any Governmental Agency. 
 (e) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has continuing obligations to the Company and the other Company Parties pursuant to Sections 8, 9, and 10 of the Employment Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants ). In entering into this Agreement, Executive acknowledges the enforceability and continued effectiveness of the Restrictive Covenants and reaffirms Executive s commitment to abide by their terms. 
 (f) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that 
 (i) Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
 (ii) Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company to be added if 45 days applies , and Executive acknowledges that attached to this Agreement are (1) a list of the positions and ages of those employees selected for termination (or participation in the exit incentive or other employment termination program) (2) a list of the ages of those employees not selected for termination (or participation in such program) and (3) information about the unit affected by the employment termination program of which Executive s termination was a part, including any eligibility factors for such program and any time limits applicable to such program 
 (iii) Executive has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, that Executive may, at Executive s option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executive s choice and that Executive has had adequate opportunity to do so 
 (iv) Executive fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein and Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily, and of Executive s own free will, and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (v) With the exception of any sums that Executive may be owed pursuant to Section 6(g)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Executive was entitled during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the Company before 11 59 p.m., New York, New York time, on the last day of the Release 
 EXHIBIT A-3 

Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio . No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Executive in the foregoing manner. 
 Executed on this _____ day of ___________, ____. 

John-Paul D. Taylor 
 EXHIBIT A-4 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-21.1>
 14
 exhibit211eva-20231231list.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF ENVIVA INC. Subsidiary of Enviva Inc. State of Incorporation Enviva, LP Delaware Enviva Holdings, LP Delaware Enviva Pellets, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Epes, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Epes Finance Company, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Epes Holdings, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Greenwood, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Hamlet, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Lucedale, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Waycross, LLC Delaware Enviva Port of Pascagoula, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 exhibit311eva-20231231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 I, Glenn Nunziata, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 of Enviva Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 s Glenn T. Nunziata Glenn T. Nunziata Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 exhibit312eva-20231231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 I, Glenn Nunziata, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 of Enviva Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 3, 2024 s Glenn T. Nunziata Glenn T. Nunziata Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enviva Inc. (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 exhibit321eva-20231231x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enviva Inc. Enviva for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Glenn Nunziata, Interim Chief Executive Officer of Enviva, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enviva. 

s Glenn T. Nunziata Glenn T. Nunziata Interim Chief Executive Officer of Enviva Inc. Date October 3, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 18
 exhibit322eva-20231231x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enviva Inc. Enviva for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Glenn Nunziata, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enviva, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enviva. 

s Glenn T. Nunziata Glenn T. Nunziata Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enviva Inc. (Principal Financial Officer) Date October 3, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 19
 exhibit971envivaincpolicyo.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 97.1 

ENVIVA INC. 
 POLICY ON RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 AND CLAWBACK OF COMPENSATION RELATED TO MISCONDUCT 
 (Effective November 1, 2023) 
 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Enviva Inc. (the Company has adopted this document (the Policy ), to address (a) recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-based Compensation from the Company s Executive Officers consistent with Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC regulations and (b) cancellation, reduction, or clawback of Incentive Compensation from Company employees participating in the Company s Incentive Compensation plans in the event of material misconduct resulting in violations of applicable laws, violations, regulations, or the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ). 
 
 SECTION I RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 
 1. OVERVIEW 
 This Section I has been established in accordance with the applicable rules of The New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Rules and Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rule 10D-1 and the Exchange Act , respectively), to provide for recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-based Compensation from Executive Officers. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in Section I.6. below. 
 
 2. RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 
 A. In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company will reasonably promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with NYSE Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows 
 i. After an Accounting Restatement, the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by each Executive Officer and promptly send such Executive Officer a written notice specifying such amount and demanding repayment or return thereof, as applicable. 
 ii. For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from) the Company s stock price, total shareholder return, or similar metric, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement 

a. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the metric upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received and 
 b. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide the relevant documentation as required to the NYSE. 
 iii. The Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in Section 2.B. below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation required to be repaid or returned hereunder. 
 iv. If an Executive Officer reimbursed the Company for Erroneously Awarded Compensation under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company or applicable law, such reimbursed amount shall be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy. 
 v. If an Executive Officer fails to repay or return all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from such Executive Officer. Such Executive Officer shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 B. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated by Section 2.A. above if the Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable and any of the following conditions are met 
 i. The Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before making this determination, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such attempt(s), and provide such documentation to the NYSE 
 ii. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder or 
 Page 2 of 7 

iii. Recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022, provided that, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the NYSE, that recovery would result in such a violation and a copy of the opinion is provided to NYSE. 
 
 3. PROHIBITION OF INDEMNIFICATION 
 The Company shall not insure or indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned, or recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid, or awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on, or after the effective date of this Policy). 
 
 4. ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy and for the Company s compliance with NYSE Rules, Rule 10D-1, and any other applicable law, regulation, rule, or interpretation of the SEC or NYSE promulgated or issued in connection therewith. 
 
 5. OTHER RECOVERY RIGHTS 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law or guidance from the SEC or NYSE, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent required by applicable law. All employment agreements, the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, or any other agreement or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation, or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement, or other arrangement. 
 Page 3 of 7 

6. DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Section I, the following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below 
 A. Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were left uncorrected in the current period (a little r restatement). 
 B. Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after the effective date of the applicable NYSE rules, (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer, (iii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Executive Officer is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), (iv) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable Clawback Period (as defined below). 
 C. Clawback Period means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date (as defined below), and if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 D. Committee means the compensation committee of the Board, so long as the compensation committee is composed entirely of independent directors, or in the absence of such an independent committee, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board. 
 E. Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 F. Executive Officer means each individual who is currently or was previously designated as an officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy shall include each executive officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K or Item 6.A of Form 20- 
 Page 4 of 7 

F, as applicable, as well as the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer (or, if there is no principal accounting officer, the controller). 
 G. Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures, whether or not presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall be considered Financial Reporting Measures. 
 H. Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 I. NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 
 J. Received means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive Officer occurs after the end of that period. 
 K. Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board or the Committee concludes or reasonably should have concluded that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 SECTION II CANCELLATION, REDUCTION, OR CLAWBACK OF COMPENSATION RELATED TO MISCONDUCT 
 
 1. OVERVIEW 
 The Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan and Long-Term Incentive Plan both permit the Committee to adopt and implement a clawback policy such as included in this Section II. 
 
 This Section II establishes the Company s rights to enact cancellation, reduction, or clawback actions related to these and other Incentive Compensation plans against Participants in such plans under circumstances involving Misconduct as defined in Section 2 below. 
 
 2. CANCELLATION, REDUCTION, OR CLAWBACK OF COMPENSATION RELATED TO MISCONDUCT 
 Page 5 of 7 

The Committee may irrevocably reduce or cancel any or all unpaid Incentive Compensation granted to a Participant if the Committee, in its discretion, determines that the Participant has committed material misconduct resulting in either a violation of applicable laws or regulations or of the Code Misconduct ). In the event of a determination that the Participant committed Misconduct, the Committee may also, in its discretion, require the Participant to repay or return to the Company all amounts previously received pursuant to Incentive Compensation attributable to any period, or portion thereof, with respect to which such Misconduct occurred. Such repayment or return shall be made on a schedule agreeable to the Committee, with a target of all repayments or returns being completed within sixty (60) days following the Participant s receipt of written notice from the Company of this repayment or return obligation. The provisions of this Section II shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies available to the Company and any actions imposed by law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other authorities. 
 
 3. LIMITATION OF INDEMNIFICATION 
 The Company shall not be required to insure or indemnify any Participant against (i) the loss of any Incentive Compensation that is repaid, returned, or recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy. 
 
 4. ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy and for the Company s compliance with any applicable law, regulation, or rule in connection therewith. 
 
 5. OTHER RECOVERY RIGHTS 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Participants in the Company s Incentive Compensation plans. All employment agreements, the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, or any other agreement or arrangement with a Participant shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement by the Participant to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation, or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement, or other arrangement. 
 Page 6 of 7 

6. DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Section II, the following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below 
 A. Committee means, the Board, or the compensation committee of the Board. 
 B. Incentive Compensation means any compensation awarded under the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, or any other agreement or arrangement with a Participant related to any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of financial or other goals set by the Company. 
 C. Participant has the meaning established in the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, or as defined by any other agreement or arrangement with a Company employee related to any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of financial or other goals set by the Company. 
 
 SECTION III GENERAL TERMS 
 
 1. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
 The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy required by applicable U.S. SEC filings and rules. 
 
 2. AMENDMENT TERMINATION 
 The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion. Notwithstanding anything in Section I or Section II to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any applicable laws, regulations, rules, federal securities laws, SEC rule, or NYSE rule. 
 
 Page 7 of 7 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 eva-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 eva-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 eva-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 eva-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 eva-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

